CSC151.02 2013F, Class 02: An Introduction to Linux
===================================================

_Overview_

* Admin.
* Clicker Questions.
* Lessons from day one.
* Common parts of an algorithm.
* About the course.
* Getting started with Linux.
* Some administrative details (if there's time).

_Admin_

* If you expect to have a long-standing interest in CS (even if
  you don't plan to be a CS major), you can be on the csstudents mailing
  list and you can participate in CS Table.  Email me to get added to
  the mailing list.
    * CS Table meets in JRC 224A at Noon on Fridays.  We pay for your
      meal if you're a student not on board.
    * This week, we're reading Alan Turing's Computing Machinery and
      Intelligence
      http://www.csee.umbc.edu/courses/471/papers/turing.pdf
* The CS SEPC is hosting a study break tonight at 8pm in the CS Commons.
  Feel free to attend.
* With over sixty surveys between my two classes, I didn't have time
  to respond to all of them yet.  (If I'm lucky, I can respond to a
  survey in 10 minutes.)  Give me a few days.
    * You can find some answers to questions in FAQ.
    * I'm also preparing a summary of lessons (currently only linked
      from today's outline)
    * There seems to be some confusion about the relationship between
      outline and eboard.
        * outlines are _prospective_, they indicate what I plan to talk
          about
        * eboards are effectively _retrospective_, they record what we
          actually did talk about
    * Very few people even bothered to look up PGP or IRC.
        * We will be using IRC starting next week, but I will give you a
          short in-class introduction first.
        * And since some folks are concerned about revalations about Microsoft
          or the NSA, you might want to learn about PGP.
* For today's lab (and only today's lab), I'll try to have one of you 
  per computer.  We will need to spread out to both labs, and even across
  the hallway.
* You have four (!) short readings for tomorrow: 
  The Parts of an Algorithm, The DrRacket Programming Enviornment, 
  Beginning Scheme, and How Scheme Evaluates Expresssions (take 1).
* I'll note that Dr. Davis and I seem to have taken very different approaches
  to today's class.
* Any upcoming events? (talks, performances, games, etc)
* Instead of taking attendance, I will hand out out account information
  for the CS department workstations.
    * My, that was a failure.
    * Mr. Stone is in class now, so if I don't have a card for you, you'll
      need to find him after class.

_Clicker Questions_

* A quick question on policies

Lessons from day one
--------------------

* You need to understand 
    * that the person following instructions may have limited knowledge
    * and what that limited knowledge is
    * traditional writing issue: know your audience
* Explain clearly
* Adapt!

Common parts of an algorithm
----------------------------

* We name things - Variables
    * "Your dominant hand"
    * The jar
    * The piece of bread

* We make choices - Conditionals
    * If you still have something in your right hand, place it gently on the 
      top surface of the table
    * Which thing to start with
    * If there's a screw-top lid, do ...; if there's a pry-top lid, do

* We repeat actions
    * Unscrew lid

* We group actions and name them - Functions, Procedures, Subroutines
    * "To open a jar"

About the course
----------------

_Not covered_

Getting started with Linux
--------------------------

_Split_

Some administrative details (if there's time)
---------------------------------------------

