CSC151.02 2013F, Class 03: An Introduction to Scheme
====================================================

_Overview_

* Admin.
* Clicker Questions.
* Lab.
* Reflection.

* Why use programming languages? (Optional).
* Scheme history (Optional).
* Scheme basics (Optional).

_Admin_

* Today's list of lab partners is traveling around the room.  Groups
  of three probably want to be in the back or front.
* Meet Jennelle Nystrom, our Tuesday mentor.
* Evening tutors start tomorrow night and will work 7pm-10pm Sunday 
  to Thursday.
    * If you feel you need additional tutoring, we can arrange small
      group tutors and individual tutors
* I've traditionally taught today's class starting with lecture and then 
  followed with lab.  As part of my attempt to lecture less, we're going 
  to try reversing that order.
* I've assigned partners today:
    * Look at one of the sheets scattered around the room (or at the
      Partners link on the Web site) and find your partners.
    * Groups of three should probably use the computers at the east 
      end of the room, since they are easier to group around.
* We plan to distribute your first homework assignment tomorrow.
* Readings for tomorrow:
    * Numeric Values in Scheme
    * Symbolic Values in Scheme
* EC opportunities
    * CS Table Friday: Computing Machinery and Intelligence

_Clicker Questions_

* A few questions on everyday algorithms
* A few questions on Scheme

Lab
---

* Do the lab.  Be prepared to reflect.

Reflection
----------

* Parentheses are important
* Once misplaced piece of punctuation can screw you up
  * Instructions must be clear!
* Variables can vary.
* We learned how many seconds there are in a day, and we've now 
  committed it to memory.

Why use programming languages? (Optional)
-----------------------------------------

Scheme history (Optional)
-------------------------

Scheme basics (Optional)
------------------------

