CSC151.02 2013F, Class 04: Computing with Symbols and Numbers
=============================================================

_Overview_

* Admin.
* Values and Types.
* Lab.
* Kinds of Numbers. (Probably not)
* The Modulo operation.  (Depending on how things go)

_Admin_

* Congratulations on finding the correct room!  (I would have gone to the
  wrong room if not for Blake)
* Note: Elevators require much more energy than you do.  Some people are
  injured and need the elevator.  Please use the stairs if you can.
* No clicker questions today!
* In case it wasn't clear, we're still doing a bit of "learning how to use 
  the lab equipment".
* EC Opportunities:
    * CS Table this Friday (Turing on AI)
    * Humanties Center Speaker Sarah Hendron
      Wed., Sept. 11, 7:30 p.m., JRC101
      Waking the Machines: Art, Design, and Adaptive Technology
* Reading for Friday: Drawings as Values
    * (We may be updating it, so please wait until tonight to read it.)
* Quiz Friday!  Ten minutes, written, syntax need not be exact.  Typically
  two questions of five points each.  We try to be straightforward.
* Assignment 2 is ready.  We'll spend a few minutes looking at it.  
    * Note that it has a prologue and epilogue.   
    * Note that you have different partners (listed online).
    * Questions:
        * What does "Work together" mean?  Face to face, in the same room,
	  working on the same problems.
	* How many email messages per group?  One
	* Outside of class
* Mentor Sessions Thursday 7:30-8:30 p.m. in CS commons!

Values and Types
----------------

Different things are, well, different.  So we assign values (and variables)
to categories.

* Jar
* Integer
* Text

Computer scientists look at a variety of issues related to types
* Example: Integers
* Identify the values 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, -1, -2, -3, ...
    * Sometimes identify rules for giving the values
        * The positive integers
	   * 1 is a positive integer
	   * If you add 1 to a positive integer, you get a positive integer
* Identify the operations we can perform on those values
  add, subtract, multiply

You will learn a lot of types this semester.  For each one, figure out
* What operations can/should I use?
* What values are in the type?
* How do I notate these values

A sample type: Punctuation
* We can list all of the elements: star (notated `*`), plus (notated `+`),
  comma (notated `,`), semicolon 
Lab
---

Kinds of Numbers
----------------

The Modulo operation
--------------------

