CSC151.02 2013F, Class 07: Writing Your Own Procedures
======================================================

_Overview_

* Preliminaries
    * Admin.
    * Connecting to MathLAN from your own computer.
* Why define your own procedures?
* How to define your own procedures.
* Lab.
* Reflection: What was the most confusing thing you dealt with in lab today?
    * I'll probably ask this question tomorrow, but think about it today.
    * "Sam" is not an acceptable answer.

_Admin_

* Reminder: Mentor sessions are Thursdays and Sundays at 7:30 pm.
* Reminder tomorrow's class is next door in 3815.
* HW3 will be distributed in class tomorrow.
* Reading for Wednesday
    * Documenting Procedures
* EC Opportunities:
    * Humanities Center Speaker Sarah Hendron
      Wed., Sept. 11, 7:30 p.m., JRC101
      Waking the Machines: Art, Design, and Adaptive Technology
    * CS Table Friday (Reflections on Trusting Trust; NYT on NSA)
    * Others

_How do I do CSC 151 work from my own computer?_

* General instructions at http://www.cs.grinnell.edu/vnc
* I'll demo on my Mac.  It's a bit harder if you use Microsoft Windows
  (and I don't know all of the details because I rarely use Windows).
    * I won't type the steps as I go

Why define your own procedures?
-------------------------------

What is a procedure?

* A procedure is like a variable except it's an action (or series of
  actions) rather than just a simple value
     * That is, it automates a series of tasks
* On the scheme side, a procedure takes inputs and generates outputs
     * a square function might take a number as an input and produces
       a number as an output x -> x*x
     * make-a-circle: take as input x,y,radius, (number) etc.; 
       output is a drawing taht represents a circle
     * um is a procedure that takes a question as input and gives
       as output the value "um" which is text (a string)

Why write them?

* Less redefinition
* More elegant
* More readable
* Easier to write

   (make-a-circle 10 10 100) 
   
  is probably clear than
   (drawing-shift (drawing-scale drawing-unit-circle 100) 10 10)

How to define your own procedures
---------------------------------

       (define *procname*
         (lambda (*inputs*)
           *expression*))

For example

        (define um
          (lambda (question)
            "um"))

        (define square
          (lambda (num)
            (* num num)))

        (define make-a-circle
          (lambda (x y radius)
            (drawing-shift (drawing-scale drawing-unit-circle (* 2 radius))
                           x y)))

Questions:

* Can procedures define other procedures?
    * Yes, but we won't cover that for a few weeks

* What's the delay?
    * You can't really evaluate the body of a procedure until you use
      the procedure?

* So how do you know it's correct?
    * You try it and see.
    * You try it a lot of times and see.
    * You do a formal proof

* How do I "read" a definition

       (define *procname*
         (lambda (*inputs*)
           *expression*))

> I am defining a procedure named *procname* that takes as input *inputs*
> and computes its result by evaluating *expression*.

* When

Lab
---

* Remember to shift who is at the keyboard!  (Unless you're one of those
  great groups that seems to function as one person.)
* Problems 5 and 6 will be your lab writeup (and yes, I'll email that out)
