CSC151.02 2013F, Class 08: Documenting Programs and Procedures
==============================================================

_Overview_

* Preliminaries
    * Admin.
    * About HW 3.
    * Clicker Questions.
* The need for documentation.
* The Six P's - a strategy for documenting procedures.
* A few additional P's.
* Practice.

_Admin_

* First lab writeup due Friday.  It's supposed to be quick and easy 
  (assuming you've done the problem).
* "Sam, what color names are available?"
    * `(ggimp-rgb-list)`
    * Or create your own with (irgb-new RED GREEN BLUE))
* Warning! Friday the 13th falls on a Friday this month.
* I've put the "calling order" on the board today.
* Reminder: Mentor sessions are Thursdays and Sundays at 7:30 pm.
* Reminder: Quiz Friday on Drawings as Values, Procedures, and
  maybe a bit about documentation.
* Reading for Friday
    * [The GNU Image Manipulation Program](../readings/gimp-reading.html)
* EC Opportunities:
    * Humanities Center Speaker Sarah Hendron
      TONIGHT Sept. 11, 7:30 p.m., JRC101
      Waking the Machines: Art, Design, and Adaptive Technology
    * CS Table Friday (Reflections on Trusting Trust; NYT on NSA)
    * Men's Soccer, 1:30pm, Here.  Nebraska Wesleyan (sp?)
* Other things
    * Feminist Action Coalition is having a "rethink ourselves" meeting
      tonight at 8:00 pm.  (Younker)

_HW 3_

* We went over the homework (available online)
    * You know everything you need to know to do this assignment
    * No, you don't need to know how to make spirals to do this assignment
    * You can get a smile by overlaying two circles

_Clicker Questions_

* Today's clicker questions are about procedures (retrospective) and
  documentation (coming later)

The need for documentation
--------------------------

* Code isn't always obvious.  Does it accomplish what it's supposed to?
  How do we know?
    * We write notes in English that explains

> Recolor the image red, ignore that recolored image, and then enlarge it

> Recolor the image and make it larger

* Human-language text that describes computer code is called "Documentation"
* Written for multiple audiences: "Know your audience"
    * You - What do I want the code to do?
    * Someone who has to fix your code - What do you want the code to
      achieve and how do you achieve that goal?
    * Someone who has to USE your code
* We usually embed these in the code as comments
* In Scheme, comments begin with a semicolon$a
* Our focus will be comments for clients
* "Six P's"
    * Procedure - name
    * Parameters - inputs to the program, give their name and type
    * Purpose - A quick explanation in English
    * Produces - name and type the result
    * Preconditions - Limits on input (usually)
    * Postconditions - An attempt to formally specify what 

        ;;; Procedure:
        ;;;   square
        ;;; Parameter:
        ;;;   n, a real number
        ;;; Purpose:
        ;;;   square n
        ;;; Produces:
        ;;;   result, a number of the same type as n
        ;;; Preconditions:
        ;;;   [No additional]
        ;;;   n != 0
        ;;; Postconditions:
        ;;;   n*n = result
        ;;;   (equals? (* n n) result)
        ;;;   result is positive
e       (define square 
          (lambda (num)
             drawing-unit-square))
 
 Note: If we're using inexact numbers, this may not always be true

The Six P's - a strategy for documenting procedures
---------------------------------------------------

A few additional P's
--------------------

Practice
--------

