CSC151.02 2013F, Class 10: Programing the GIMP Tools
====================================================

_Overview_

* Preliminaries
    * Admin.
    * About HW2
    * Questions on HW3
    * Clicker Questions.
* A new model of images making.
* Coding algorithms for drawing.
* Other useful techniques.
* Lab.

_Admin_

* I was in Pella, so brought you Dutch letters (enough for 1/2 each).  Sorry
  to those of you who are gluten or almond intolerant.  (I don't know about
  ingredients, but my peanut-allergic son and my treenut-allergic self are
  okay with them.)
* Study break, tonight at 8pm.
* Grading stuff
    * I finally finished grading HW1.  Sorry for the delay.
    * Our grader has graded HW2 and I'll be returning it and commenting
      on it.
    * I'll be returning Friday's quizzes.  Some of you may want to chat
      with me.  
    * I'll distribute the exam tomorrow.
* Many things went wrong today - broken code, broken lab, etc.  Sorry.  It also
  means that I'm even more discombobulated than normal.
* Not quite lab writeup (due Wednesday):
    * Document using the six P's the rectangle procedure from the first lab on 
      drawings.
    * Email to rebelsky@grinnell.edu, 
      subject "CSC 151.02 Lab Writeup: Documentation"
* Reading for Tuesday: Design and Color 
* EC Opportunities:
    * Convocation this Wednesday at noon in JRC 101 
      (see Sam's rant on the importance of convo in the outline for more details)
    * CS Extras Thursday @ 4:30: Kim Spasaro on Linguistics Programming
    * CS Table Friday (Pair programming)
    * Humans vs. Zombies
    * Other?
* I also encourage you to attend any of the other Title IX talks/events.

_Comments on HW2_

* I'll be returning them at the end of class.
* It would be nice to see you try more non-working or strange values 
    * What happens if you use a negative number?  A complex number?
    * What happens if you try a different number of parameters.
* Things like "least common multiple" and "greatest common divisor"
* Many of you left out examples / "tests"

_Questions on HW3_

* Who is my audience?
    * Your peers in this class, one week earlier
* When our code generates images, should we include the images?
    * Generally, no.  We can regenerate them.
    * For the yellow rectangle

    > (rectangle "yellow" ....)
    (drawing rectangle 43512315 0 0 20 20)

_Clicker Questions_

* NO CLICKER QUESTIONS TODAY

A new model of images making
----------------------------

* ON computers, we often draw with an application
* New model: Tell the application what to do
   "Select this brush"
   "Drag from here to here"
   "Fill the selected region"
   ...

Coding algorithms for drawing
-----------------------------

* What we can do by hand, we can do "by code"
    * It's more precise.  We can be more perfect than we can by hand.
    * It's easier to replicate (we can copy/paste instructions instead of images)
         * We can rerun the instructions
    * We can decompose how the image is created
    * We can change the code and generate a related image (without affecting
      the original).
         * Easy to fix errors!
    * We can do long, repetitious tasks more easily
    * In some deranged circles you get geek cred for writing programs to 
      make images

Other useful techniques
-----------------------

Lab
---

