CSC151.02 2013F, Class 11: A Design Perspective
===============================================

> _The chief aim of color should be to serve expression as well as possible._
Henri Matisse

_Overview_

* Preliminaries
    * Admin.
    * Some discussion of pair programming.
    * Clicker Questions - GIMP Tools.
* A bit about design.
* A bit about color theory.
* Exploring some images and design spaces.
    * Clicker questions, revisited
    * Some interesting images
    * Maybe fun with color spaces

_Admin_

* Dr. Davis and I discussed the exam and decided that we'd prefer to
  distribute it after HW3 comes in.  So you'll get it tomorrow.
* My email aplication has been acting up.  If you want a meeting with me and
  haven't scheduled one, please see me after class and we'll pick a time.
* Reading for Wednesday: Raster Graphics and RGB Colors
* SACNAS Ice Cream Social Thursday, September 19th at 8:00PM in the Biology Commons
* EC Opportunities:
    * Convocation this Wednesday 
    * CS Extras Thursday @ 4:30: Kim Spasaro on Linguistics Programming
    * CS Table Friday (Pair programming)
    * Other?
* I also encourage you to attend any of the other Title IX talks/events.

_Pair Programming_

* Idea: Instead of one person, you have two
* Two roles: Driver and navigator.  (A bit more complex with three people
  often two navigators.)
    * Driver - write code
    * Navigator - guide
    * Need to rotate roles.
* Why do we do it? What are the benefits?
    * "Two minds are better than one" 
       * Helps avoid wrong directions
       * Ideas build upon each other!
       * If your navigator has access to the reference material, the driver
         is more efficent - doesn't need to switch windows, etc.
    * Having to explain what you do helps you 
       * understand it better
       * make fewer careless mistakes
    * Some of you folks are already too reluctant to ask for help
       * Encourages you to ask and be unsure
    * "Fresh Eyes" - It's hard to see problems in what you've done
    * Over the long term, you'll hvae to work with other people on projects, so
      get used to it
* Evidence from both industry and classroom suggest success
* How should you behave as part of a pair?
    * Know your role - Navigators should guide, not just steal the keyboard
    * Communicate
    * Be patient
    * Switch roles
    * Don't be afraid to ask for help
    * Don't be too assertive
    * Don't be too passive - you won't learn if you just watch
    * Postive criticism 
    * Explain

_Clicker Questions_

* Gender issues and pairing
* Gimp Tools

A bit about design
------------------

* Goal "Oooh pretty"
* But perhaps we should also understand millenia of experience on design
* Many principles
    * Symmetry
    * Balance
    * Depth
    * Color
* Goals in image making
    * Guide the viewer's eye through the image
    * Keep the viewer's interest (Kluber says that simple representational art
       will not keep the viewer's interest)

A bit about color theory
------------------------

* Three ways to think about colors
    * Making it with light - Red, Green, and Blue
      More light - Brighter
    * Making it with paint (subtractive) - Red, Yellow, and Blue
      More paint - Darker
    * Alternate approach to paint
       * Hue - Basic color
       * Saturation  - How much of the pigment you mix into the paint
       * Value - Brightness
* How do you as a designer use colors?
    * Complementary - Tends to make colors "pop" or vibrate
    * Analagous - Three neighboring colors on the color wheel
    * Monochromatic - Variants of one color
* Other uses
    * Feeling: Warm/cold
    * Depth

Exploring some images and design spaces
---------------------------------------

