CSC151.02 2013F, Class 12: Raster Graphics and RGB Colors
=========================================================

_Overview_

* Preliminaries
    * Admin.
    * About Exam 1.
    * About Six+ P's
* Questions on Raster Graphics and RGB Colors.
* Lab
* Things in the outline.
    * Representing images, revisited.
    * Pixels and colors: The basics.
    * RGB colors.
    * Those weird numbers.

_Admin_

* We seem to have a misunderstanding about workload.  If you're spending more
  than five hours on a homework assignment, something has gone wrong and we
  should talk.  
    * Preferably, you would realize that you were going to spend that much
      time before, say, 8pm on Tuesday night.
    * If you hit more than five hours, it's making sense, and you really
      want to do the last bit, that's fine.
    * But if you're stuck, you should come to see me.
* Lab writeup: Extra 1 from today's lab, due Friday before class.
* Reading for Friday: Transforming RGB colors.
* It sounds like there may be room for one more person in Dr. Davis's
  11:00 a.m. section of 151.  So, if you'd like to switch sections,
  let her know asap.  
* Yes, if you take CSC 161 you get to play with the red robots.
* I plan to email you your current grade info by Friday.
* SACNAS Ice Cream Social Thursday, September 19th at 8:00PM in the 
  Biology Commons
* EC Opportunities:
    * CS Extras Thursday @ 4:30: Kim Spasaro on Linguistics Programming
      See http://www.cs.grinnell.edu for more info
    * CS Table Friday (Pair programming)
      See http://www.cs.grinnell.edu for readings
    * Other?
* I also encourage you to attend any of the other Title IX talks/events.
* We're going to try an experiment today.  Instead of giving my start-of-class
  lecture and clicker questions, I'm going to let you ask about five 
  questions on the readings.

_Exam 1_

* Exam 1 is ready.  You can find it under the current assignment, the
  schedule, and the list of assignments.
* We'll quickly visit 
    * Policies
    * Questions
* What if you have questions?
    * There will be time at the start of class for questions on 
      Friday, Monday, and Tuesday.  
    * I'll also add some Q&A to the exam itself.  Please check it
      regularly.
    * I'll be available on Friday, Monday, and Tuesday.
    * I'll *try* to check email over the weekend.  (However, I'm traveling 
      this weekend.)

_Six Ps_

For future reference, I like a very careful presentation of the Six+ P's

* Line 1:
    * Three semicolons
    * A space
    * The keyword "Procedure" 
    * A colon
* Line 2:
    * Three semicolons
    * Three spaces
    * The name of the procedure
* Line 3:
    * Three semicolons
    * One space
    * The keyword "Parameters"
    * A colon
* Next few lines
    * Three semicolons
    * Three spaces
    * The name of a parameter
    * A comma
    * The type of the parameter
* Next line
    * Three semicolons
    * One space
    * The keyword "Purpose"
    * A colon
* Next few lines
    * Each begins with three semicolons and three spaces.

For example

    ;;; Procedure:
    ;;;   whatever
    ;;; Parameters:
    ;;;   what, a string
    ;;;   ever, an integer
    ;;; Purpose:
    ;;;   etc.

* Why be so precise?
    * It's easier to read (or so experience suggests)
    * It's easier to write programs to process it (and yes, I've
      written such programs)

Questions on Raster Graphics and RGB Colors
-------------------------------------------

_No questions_

Lab
---
