CSC151.02 2013F, Class 14: Transforming Colors
==============================================

_Overview_

* Admin.
* Exam Questions.
* Lab.

_Admin_

* Study break tonight at 8 pm.
* My other class wants the "Current EBoard" link to give the source file,
  rather than the HTML.  Which would you prefer?
* Any parents coming Friday?  (I'm trying to figure out how to fit them.)
* I've gotten a few "I don't think I should ask you this" emails.  If you 
  are asking questions via email, I don't consider anything out of bounds.
  (I may refuse to answer, but I won't be bothered that you've asked.)
* New lab partners!
* Lots of folks had trouble with the GIMP tools stuff.  I didn't need exact
  code, but I wanted to be able to have a sense that you understood the
  "choose color" -> "select area" -> "fill" order of things.
* I'm going to have an optional class this Thursday at 1:15 (and, I hope, most
  Thursdays) as a chance to talk to folks about more things that might be
  useful or interesting.
* For those who missed the documentation lab writeup, here's an alternative.
  Document the rgb-redder procedure you write today

* Work for Tuesday
    * Continue to work on the exam
    * Reading for Tuesday: Transforming Images
    * Lab writeup 4: Problems 6a and 7b from Transforming RGB Colors.  
      Due before class on Wednesday.  (Ideally before class on Tuesday.)
* EC Opportunities:
    * CS Extras Thursday @ 4:30: Jennelle Nystrom on working at Microsoft
    * CS Table Friday (The Story of Mel)
    * Other?  
       * Football, 1pm, Saturday against Beloit
       * Orchestra, 2pm, Saturday, Sebring-Lewis or somewhere similar
       * Folksyish music with Relish, Wednesday at 10pm
       * Knitting club, Saturday at 10am.  Do good and have fun!
* Other cool things to do
    * Email [ReNew] about fall break service trip to CR

Exam Questions
--------------

_Can I ask you *some question* via email?_

> Yes.

_Can I ask you *some question* in class?_

> Provided that asking the question does not reveal too much about how to answer
the problem.

_What's the upper-left corner on the frame problem?_

> It had been the top-left of the inside of the frame.
But you can do what you want

_I can't figure out how to get a 12 rather than a 0._

> Think about the following procedure

    (define range
      (lambda (val cap)
        (+ 1 (modulo (- val 1) cap))))

_I can't believe you told us that.  It took me eight hours to figure that
out on my own._

> Don't make me do the demo.

_Can we modify the code for thingy?_

> Yes, but it won't help you answer the question.


Lab
---

* New partners

* When you don't see the pixels, use `(image-refresh-display! *image*)`
