CSC151.02 2013F, Class 16: Making and Manipulating Groups of Drawings 
======================================================================

_Overview_

* Preliminaries.
    * Admin.
    * About HW 4.
* Context: What and Why Lists?
* Building Lists.
* Mapping Lists.
* Other List Operations.
* Lab.

_Admin_

* I realize that there's crud going around campus.  Do yourself and your
  classmates a favor and get rest if you are sick.  Drop me a note to let
  me know.
* Continue lab partners!
* I'm going to have an optional class this Thursday at 1:15 (and, I hope, most
  Thursdays) as a chance to talk to folks about more things that might be
  useful or interesting.
    * We won't have the optional class Thursday the 3rd, as I'll be
      unavailable.
* Work for Friday: 
    * Review the homework assignment
    * Read Anonymous Procedures
    * Do lab writeup 5 if you haven't done so already.
    * Do Lab writeup 6: Exercise 5 from the Lists of Drawings Lab
        * Due before class on Friday.  
        * Title: "CSC 151.02 Lab Writeup 6: Lists (NAME)".
* EC Opportunities:
    * CS Extras Thursday @ 4:30: Jennelle Nystrom on working at Microsoft
    * CS Table Friday (The Story of Mel)
    * Football, 1pm, Saturday against Beloit
    * Orchestra, 2pm, Saturday, Sebring-Lewis or somewhere similar
    * Folksyish music with Seth at Relish, TONIGHT at 10pm
    * Knitting club, Saturday at 10am.  Do good and have fun!
    * More ...?
* Other things you might do (no EC, but possibly a good idea)
    * Facing the Bear, 7-9 pm Wednesday
    * Swipe your P-Card at the Football or Soccer game
    * Poweshiek CARES March Thursday.  Leave from Herrick at 4:45 p.m.
      Email chenjerem@gmail.com for more info.  I can also forward
      you the email.
    * Poweshiek CARES March Thursday, Oct. 3.  Meet at Drake Library at 5 p.m.
    * GHS Homecoming Parade Thursday, Oct. 3.  If you've never seen a 
      small-town homecoming parade, it's worth it.  (And last year's
      homecoming queen is a current Grinnell student.)

_HW4_

* We have a new homework assignment.  The only thing my random procedure
  paid attention to was whether or not you asked to work alone.
* Yes, I can try for pairs on an assignment

Context: What and Why Lists?
----------------------------

* Collections of information
    * "Numbers between 1 and 10"
    * "Names of all the students in this class"
    * "A few drawings that I want to render"a
    * "A list of homework assignments to complete"
    * "A list of the valid colors"
* "List of things" is a new type
    * What do values look like? Syntax
      '(value value value)
      Looks a lot like a procedure call
    * How to make them?  Constructors
      (list value value value value)
      (make-list num value)
      (iota num) -> 0 1 2 3 ... num-1
    * What procedures are available
      (append list1 list2) -> join together
      (reverse list)
      (take list n) -> First n elements of a list
      (drop list n) -> Drop first n elements
* These are non-mutating operations: The original list does not change

Mapping Lists
-------------

* Given a procedure and a list, you can apply the procedure to every value in the list
* You need lists
* They must be the same size

Lab
---

