CSC151.02 2013F, Class 19: Iteration
====================================

_Overview_

* Preliminaries.
    * Admin.
    * HW5.
* Procedures and side-effects.
* `for-each` vs. `map`.
* Lab.

_Admin_

* Let me know if you have partner preferences for HW5 by 10pm tonight.
  I'll try to have partners ready by class tomorrow.  (Just posted on 
  the Web.)
* You will have a substitute teacher (Mr. Walker) and mentors (Ms. Ryan and
  maybe Mr. Wheeler) on Wednesday and Friday.  Mr. Abuah will provide
  continuity.
* Work for Wednesday: 
    * Finish homework 4.  DO NOT DO
        (drawing-hshift (drawing-vshift (drawing-group
        (drawing-hshift (drawing-vshift drawing-unit-circle
        17) 
    * Start looking at homework 5
    * Read Local Bindings with Let
    * Do Lab writeup 9: Turn in 4c, 4d and 5e from the Iteration Lab
        * Try to get it in for Wednesday.
        * Due before class on Friday.  
        * Title: "CSC 151.02 Lab Writeup 9: Iteration (*NAMES*)".
* Don't forget the upcoming mentor sessions
    * Thursday at 7:30pm
    * Sunday at 7pm
* EC Opportunities:
    * CS Extras Thursday @ 4:30: Three Students on Student Sysadmin Work
    * CS Table Friday (Coding the Law)
    * Maybe a scrimmage for Mock Trial.  (Details to follow.)
    * AS talk, Monday at noon.  Learn about a new algebra.  And eat free Pags pizza
      while being confused.
    * Juggling class Saturday 7-8pm, in Multipurpose Dance Studio in the Bear
    * Super Smash Bros tournament, talk to WP about it.
* Other things you might do (no EC, but possibly a good idea)
    * Poweshiek CARES March Thursday, Oct. 3.  Meet at Drake Library at 5 p.m.
    * GHS Homecoming Parade Thursday, Oct. 3.  If you've never seen a 
      small-town homecoming parade, it's worth it.  

_A Quick Overview of HW5_

Procedures and side effects
---------------------------

* There's a transition in the way we think about procedures.
* First procdures, things like square, *, drawing-hshift
     * Don't affect their parameters
         (define x 2)
         (square x)
         x
         (drawing-scale drawing-unit-circle 10)
* Implication: Some order of evaluation doesn't matter
     (drawing-group
       (drawing-recolor d1 "red")
       (drawing-hscale d1 100)
       (drawing-vscale d1 4)
       (drawing-shift d1 80))
* New procedures: Change the underlying parameter
       (turtle-forward! t 100)

       (turtle-forward! t 100)
       (turtle-turn! t 100)
       (turtle-up! t
       (turtle-face! t 100)
* We now need to think much more carefully about the order in which operations
  are evaluated.
  
Loops and Repetition
--------------------

* Repeat a similar operation again and again and again
    * (map proc lst) -> apply a procedure to each element of a list, creating
      a new list.  NO GUARANTEE ABOUT ORDER
    * map doesn't work so well with the new procedures 
    * (repeat number action! parameter1 ... parametern) - Do action number times
* map: Same procedure, different inputs (and create a list)
* repeat: Same procedure, same inputs (and no list)
* Need: Same procedure, different input, GUARANTEED ORDER, no list
    * (for-each proc! lst1 lst2 ...) - Apply proc! to first element of each list,
      then second, then third, ...

`for-each` vs. `map`
--------------------

* Order of evaluation: map order is unknown, for-each, order is left-to-right
* Result: map gives list, for-each gives nothing

Detour: drop vs increment
-------------------------

* (list-drop (iota 6) 1) => (1 2 3 4 5) - cross of the first 1 elements
* (map increment (iota 5)) => (1 2 3 4 5)
* What's the diff?
* map increment requires that we do math for every element of the list

Lab
---

* Hidden and strange ways to get info about turtles
    
    (define tortoise (turtle-new ...))
    (tortoise ':row)
    (tortoise ':col)
    (tortoise ':angle)
