CSC151.02 2013F, Class 22: Conditionals
=======================================

_Overview_

* Admin.
* The parts of an algorithm, revisited.
* Choosing between two options with <code>if</code>.
* Making multiple choices with <code>cond</code>.
* Lab.

_Admin_

* I hope the second half of last week went well.  The conference was interesting
  and I brought you (minor) swag.
* Keep partners from last week for today.
* Yes, you'll have a writeup for every lab.  I'm behind enough that I probably
  won't respond until break.
* I am booked solid from 8 to 8 with SHACS review.  Sorry.  I'll get site
  updated tonight.
* Active minds wants to remind you that ...
* Writeup: Conditionals Lab, 3c, 4d
* Upcoming EC opportunities
    * Tuesday, 7 pm, Road to Rio
    * Thursday extra, Science 3821 at 4:30: Grad school in CS
    * Friday CS Table: Reports from Hopper
    * Friday film: Codebreaker, 7pm, Harris
    * Wit, the play, opens Thursday.
    * Any Queeer Culture Week Activity
       * E.g., Wednesday at 7:30, Consent, Negotiation, and BDSM, somewhere in ARH
    * ...
* Other upcoming stuff
    * Study break 8 pm tonight
    * Review session 1:15 pm Thursday
    * Mentor session 7:30 pm Thursday
    * Mentor session 7:00 pm Sunday
    * ...

The parts of an algorithm, revisited
------------------------------------

A long long time ago, we asked ourselves what goes into an algorithm

* We name things (e.g., "dominant hand") - Variables
    * And they vary 
    (define name value)
    (let ([name value]) ...)
* Sequence operations
    *(compose
    * nesting - inside-out
    * We can just write them in order, as in when we're writing gimp operations
* Make choices - Conditionals
    * TODAY
* Repetition - e.g., repeat unscrewing motion
    * Need termination
    * repeat, map, for-each!
* Need to know what the basic operations are - What is the "common knowledge"
  * (require gigls/unsafe)
  * mathematical: multiply, etc.
  * drawing-hshift, drawing-vshift
  * gimp tools
  * and more
* Subroutines / Functions - Group together instructions
  (lambda (x) some code that relates to x)

We also discussed some conceptual issues

* How precise do we have to be
* Special situations

Choosing between two options with if
------------------------------------

Making multiple choices with cond
---------------------------------

Lab
---

