CSC151.02 2013F, Class 24: Recursion Basics
===========================================

_Overview_

* Admin.
* Exercises in "pass the buck" problem solving.
* The idea of recursion.
* Lab.

_Admin_

* Since only about half the class responded to the partner survey, I worry
  that those who want to choose partners will have a limited group.  So ...
  if you're choosing partners (or working alone), please let me know by 
  8 p.m. tonight who your partners are.  After that, I'll assign
  partners.
* We will continue today's topic on Friday (with another guest faculty
  member).  You may find it useful to reread "Recursion Basics" for
  Friday's class.
      * And yes, you'll have time in class on Friday to continue
        to work on the lab.
* Upcoming EC opportunities
    * Learning from Alumni, Thursday, 2:15-4:05: Skype Visit with 
      Tony Stubblebine '00 from Lift
    * Thursday extra at 4:15: Grad school in CS
    * Friday CS Table: Reports from Hopper
    * Friday film: Codebreaker, 7pm, Harris
    * Post-Codebreaker discussion
    * Wit, the play, opens Thursday.
    * Any Queeer Culture Week Activity
       * E.g., Wednesday at 7:30, Consent, Negotiation, and BDSM,
    * Men's Soccer, 2:30 p.m. 10/12 vs. Monmouth
    * Men's Soccer, 1:30 p.m. 10/13 vs. UWisc/Platteville
    * ...
* Other upcoming stuff
    * Review session 1:15 pm Thursday
    * Mentor session 7:30 pm Thursday
    * Mentor session 7:00 pm Sunday
    * ...
* 10/10 is this weekend.  Please behave responsibly.

Welcome to "Pass the Buck" Problem Solving

    Remove one element
    Pass the remaining elemtns to our left to get a count
    Add 1

(define toby-count
  (lambda (books)
    (+ 1 (alex-count (cdr books)))))

(define alex-count
  (lambda (books)
    (+ 1 (andrew-count (cdr books)))))

(define please-find-all-the-books-by-david-campbell-in-this-list
  (lambda (books)
    (if (null? books)
        null
        (let ([abook (car books)] ; The first book
              [rest (cdr books)]) ; All but the first book
         (if (is-by-david-cambell abook)
             (cons abook
                   (please-find-all-the-books-by-david-campbell-in-this-list rest))
             (please-find-all-the-books-by-david-campbell-in-this-list rest))))))

(map by-david-campbell? books)
(for-each ? books) -> Returns nothing
(repeat ? books) - Won't work with lists

We have learned a more general strategy for repetition.

(define proc
  (lambda (lst)
    (if (null? lst)
        simple-result
        (extend (proc (cdr lst))))))

(define length
  (lambda (lst)
    (if (null? lst)
        0
        (+ 1 (length (cdr lst))))))

(define bbdc
  (lambda (lst)
    (if (null? lst)
        null
        (magic (bbdc (cdr lst))))))

The idea of recursion
---------------------

Lab
---

