CSC151.02 2013F, Class 26: Recursion with Helper Procedures
===========================================================

_Overview_

* Admin.
* Basics of helper recursion.
* A term: Tail recursion.
* Lab.

_Admin_

* Pick new partners!
    * You must work with someone new
* Upcoming EC opportunities
    * Football, 1 pm, Saturday
    * Men's soccer, 1:30 pm, Saturday
    * CS Table Friday: Ambient Belonging
    * ...
* Other upcoming stuff
    * Mentor session 7:30 pm Thursday
    * ...

Basics of helper recursion
--------------------------

    #lang racket
    (require gigls/unsafe)
    
    (define sum1
      (lambda (lst)
        (if (null? lst)
            0
            (+ (car lst) (sum1 (cdr lst))))))
    
    (define sum2
      (lambda (lst)
        (sum2-helper lst 0)))
    
    (define sum2-helper
      (lambda (lst partial-sum)
        (if (null? lst)
            partial-sum
            (sum2-helper (cdr lst) (+ (car lst) partial-sum)))))
    

A term: Tail recursion
----------------------

* In the original sum (sum1), we've delayed a lot of the work
  (sum (list 1 2 3 4))
  => (+ 1 (+ 2 (+ 3 (+ 4 (sum1 null)))))
* In the new version, we do the work as we go, and when we reach the end,
  we have no work left to do (yay!)
* If you can write recursive procedures that don't have delayed work when they
  reach the base case, they run a bit more efficiently.
* This is called "tail recursion"

Lab
---

* Consider 42 - -18 - 23 - 4
    * Do we interpret it as (((42 - -18) - 23) - 4)
    * Or as (42 - (-18 - (23 - 4)))
    * First interpretation, in Scheme (- (- (- 42 -18) 23) 4)
    * Second interpreation, in Scheme (- 42 (- -18 (- 23 4)))

* The brightest value
  (brightest '("0/0/0" "63/63/63" "127/127/127" "191/191/191" "255/255/255"))

* Let's count total calls based on the length of the list
    * calls(1) = 1         ; Just the outermost
    * calls(2) = 1 + 2*1 = 3 ; The call plus the two recursive calls on length 1
    * calls(3) = 1 + 2*3 = 7 ; The call plus the two recursive calls on length 2
    * calls(4) = 1 + 2*7 = 15 ; The call plus the two recursive calls on length 3
    * calls(n) = 1 + 2*calls(n-1)

