CSC151.02 2013F, Class 27: Other Forms of List Recursion
========================================================

_Overview_

* Admin.
* Some notes on yesterday's lab.
* Questions and answers.
* Some key ideas from the reading.
* Lab.

_Admin_

* Continue partners from Monday
* New homework assignment!  Choose your own partners.
* Today's writeup: Exercise 5.
* Upcoming EC opportunities
    * Los Llaneros, Tonight 7:30 pm, Herrick
    * Learning from Alumni, 2:15 Thursday, 3821, Eryn O'Neil '09
    * CS Extras, 4:30 Thursday, Max Mindock
    * CS Table, Noon Friday, TBD
    * Football, 1 pm, Saturday
    * Men's soccer, 1:30 pm, Saturday
    * Jazz Band Thursday @ 7:30, in Bucksbaum Early Music
    * ...
* Other upcoming stuff
    * Optional review stuf, 1:15 pm Thursday
    * Mentor session 7:30 pm Thursday
    * ...

Some notes on yesterday's lab
-----------------------------

    (define rgb-brightest
      (lambda (colors)
        (cond
          ((null? (cdr colors))
           (car colors))
          ((>= (rgb-brightness (car colors)) 
               (rgb-brightness (rgb-brightest (cdr colors))))
           (car colors))
          (else
           (rgb-brightest (cdr colors))))))

* If the colors are arranged brightest to darkest, the number of recursive calls
  is the same as the number of colors in the list (+/- 1)
* Takes longer if we order them darkest to lighest.
* Why does the order of the colors matter?
    * If the first color is darker, we do two recursive calls, rather than one
* Why isn't it just twice as bad?
    * Because each recursive call does double the work
* How many procedure calls do we do
    * On a list of length 1?  1 
         * Main call
    * On a list of length 2?  3
         * Main call
         * Recursive call on list of length 1
         * Recursive call on list of length 1
    * On a list of length 3?  7
         * Main call
         * Recursive call on list of length 2: 3
         * Recursive call on list of length 2: 3
    * On a list of length 4? 15
         * Main call
         * Recursive call on list of length 3: 7
         * Recursive call on list of length 3: 7
    * On a list of length 5? 31
    * On a list of length 6? 63
* So 2^(length of list)-1
* This procedure needs at least one value in the list
* The bad behavior depends on the ordering of values, but we'd like the
  same behavior independent of the ordering

* When counting procedure calls with a helper, you need to count not just the
  main procedure, but also the helper

Questions and answers
---------------------

Some key ideas from the reading
-------------------------------

* After you've written a few procedures that use a certain approach, see if
  you can generalize the approach to create a template for what you're doing
* Many recursive procedures on lists

(define PROC
  (lambda (lst)
     (if (null? lst)
         VALUE
         (OP (OP1 (car lst)) (PROC (cdr lst))))))

* Some procedures expect at least one element in the list

(define PROC
  (lambda (lst)
     (if (null? (cdr lst))
         (OP1 (car lst))
         (COMBINE (OP2 (car lst)) (PROC (cdr lst))))))

Lab
---

