CSC151.02 2013F, Class 39: On Two-Dimensional Design
====================================================

_Overview_

* Preliminaries.
    * Admin.
    * Questions on HW8.
* Background: About the project.
* General elements of design.
* Relationships between elements.
* Broader design principles.
* Some examples.

Preliminaries
-------------

### Admin

* For those of you who have not dealt with preregistration at Grinnell before,
  you can still enroll in a class that says it has no slots available.
    * We let classes overenroll and then we hack away at them.  Isn't that
      a great approach?
* This Friday we will be moving our class to ARH 302 (3rd floor lecture
  hall) to hear Hilary Mason '00.  Class starts at 12:45.  
    * We won't have a quiz this week.
* Grading:
    * Homework is reduced to 5% of your grade.  The other 5% goes to the
      best of homework/quizzes/labs.
    * I will see how much I can grade through this coming weekend (which is 
      the next reasonable chunk of free time I have).  
        * Default grade on ungraded work is "check".
        * After you get the grades back, you can request that I grade
          any ungraded assignment.
        * Note that I need to grade both classes, and I do have to do
          class prep and things other than work.
* Today in class we will watch Sam engage in "Deck Wars" (no, not the
  TV show version; the Powerpoint version).
* Upcoming extra credit opportunities:
    * Town Hall, Wednesday, November 13, noon or 7:30 p.m.
    * Learning from Alumni, Thursday, 2:15: Atul Gupta, Trustee
    * CS Extra, Thursday, 4:30: Hilary Mason '00
    * Informal chat with Hilary Mason, 8-9 pm
    * NO CS TABLE FRIDAY!
    * Career Connections with Hilary Mason '00, CLS, Friday, 4:15-6:30 (I
      don't know how Career Connections work; I expect it's really 4:15-5:00)
    * Swim meet Saturday, noon; Beth swims at 3pm.
    * Football, Saturday, noon (TJ and Jake are lots of fun to watch)
    * Basketball, Friday and Sunday
    * Digital Commons talk Monday, November 18, 7:00 p.m. or so
    * CS Talk, Lunch, Wednesday, November 20 (info forthcoming)
    * *Hamlet, some time soon.*
    * "Data Sovereignty: The Challenge of Geolocating Data in the Cloud",
      November 25, 4:15 JRC 101
    * Showing of "Gold Fever" by Andrew Shurburne '01 or so, 7:00 p.m.
      Monday, November 25, ARH 302
    * Tuesday, November 20, 4:15 p.m., JRC 209  a gaming event with the 
      game [d0x3d!] 

### Questions on HW8

It's hard.

How do we have a counter

    (define counter (vector 0))
    (define increment-counter!
      (lambda ()
        (vector-set! counter 0 (+ 1 (vector-ref counter 0)))))
    (define get-counter
      (lambda ()
        (vector-ref counter 0)))
    (define reset-counter!
      (lambda ()
        (vector-set! counter 0 0)))

Chike says that output doesn't always look like what you think it will, so
check the car and the cdr.  Scheme prints trees badly.

Background: About the project
-----------------------------

* Tie together ideas from the semester
* And apply to apply them to the "image making" domain
* Write a procedure (image-series n width height)
    * Output: "Interesting image" of given width and height
    * Same n: Same image, just scaled differently
        * Some things are nearly impossible to scale, such as brushes
    * Different n: Different images (for natural n in the range 0 ... 999, inclusive)
* Well documented (internal)

* Additional things
    * NO RANDOMNESS
    * Proposal next week with sketches
    * Use multiple techniques
    * It is up to you whether you use other imagegs and whether that meets
      legal expectations.  BUT CITE

What makes an image "interesting"?

* Keeps the viewer engaged (or some viewers engaged) - "Why did the artist do this?"
* Relationships
    * Between the components of your image
    * To other images in your series
    * To other works of art
    * To the world beyond
* Knowing design issues that you can take advantage of

General elements of design
--------------------------

* Color
* Line - size, color, thickness, straightness, etc.
* Shapes - Coherent units of your image, sometimes from lines, sometimes from
  color differences.
     * Geometric shapes
         * Regular
         * Irregular
     * Organic
     * Positive shape / negative shape
* Texture
     * Natural
     * Unnatural

Relationships between elements
------------------------------

Broader design principles
-------------------------

Some examples
-------------

