CSC151.02 2013F, Class 40: Project Kickoff
==========================================

_Overview_

* Preliminaries.
    * Admin.
    * Questions on the Project.
* Time to form groups.
* Playing and brainstorming.

Preliminaries
-------------

### Admin

* This Friday we will be moving our class to ARH 302 (3rd floor lecture
  hall) to hear Hilary Mason '00.  Class starts at 12:45.  
     * We won't have a quiz this week.
* Tomorrow's "Sam review session" will focus on trees, since lots of you
  had difficulty with trees.
    * For those who can't make it, I'll do my best to make sure that my
      notes are online.
* Upcoming extra credit opportunities:
    * Town Hall, Today, noon or 7:30 p.m.
    * Learning from Alumni, Thursday, 2:15: Atul Gupta, Trustee
    * CS Extra, Thursday, 4:30: Hilary Mason '00
    * Informal chat with Hilary Mason, Thursday, 8-9 pm
    * National Philanthropy Day Friday: Donate to a Charity of Your Choice
    * NO CS TABLE FRIDAY
    * Career Connections with Hilary Mason '00, CLS, Friday, 4:15-6:30 (I
      don't know how Career Connections work; I expect it's really 4:15-5:00)
    * Swim meet Saturday, 3pm.
    * Football, Saturday, noon (TJ and Jake are lots of fun to watch)
    * Basketball, Friday and Sunday
    * Digital Commons talk Monday, November 18, 7:00 p.m. or so
    * CS Talk, Wednesday, noon.  (Sorry, don't know the topic yet.)
    * *Hamlet, some time soon.*
    * "Data Sovereignty: The Challenge of Geolocating Data in the Cloud",
      November 25, 4:15 JRC 101
    * Showing of "Gold Fever" by Andrew Shurburne '01 or so, 7:00 p.m.
      Monday, November 25, ARH 302
    * Tuesday, November 26, 4:15 p.m., JRC 209  a gaming event with the 
      game [d0x3d!] 

### Questions on the Project

* Where is the gallary of images?
  <http://mediascripting.wordpress.com>

Time to form groups
-------------------

* If you know your group, please let me know
   * AS, AM, TB
   * WBC, NK, SZ, RJ
   * JT, JC, YK
   * EF, TP, ZC
   * BC, SH
   * AL, CMV
   * AS, AOA
   * RC, DM, AHD
   * JP, JA, HF
   * JY, TS
   * JOP, TJ, MH
   * WP, ZW, CN
   * WR, BT, AD
   * GN, KL, ELB
   
Playing and brainstorming
-------------------------

_Suppose there's a feature of the GIMP that I want to use, but
I don't see it in MediaScript.  What do I do?_

> Under the 'Help' menu in GIMP, you'll see a 'Procedure Browser'.
All of those procedures are available, but require deeper
understanding of GIMP.  If you see some that are of interest,
but you can't figure out, talk to me.

_Can I select a polygon?_

> Yes, with `image-select-polygon!`

    (image-select-polygon! 4 REPLACE
                           (position-new 10 10)
                           (position-new 150 40)
                           (position-new 75 75)
                           (position-new 40 80))

_Can I ask you other questions?_

> Yes.

