CSC151.02 2013F, Class 42: Analyzing Procedures
===============================================

_Overview_

* Preliminaries.
    * Admin.
    * Questions on the Project.
* Comparing algorithms.
* Two related metrics: Time and Number of steps.
* Counting procedure calls by printing.
* Tools for analysis.

Preliminaries
-------------

### Admin

* Any thoughts on the HMason presentations?
* Grade info distributed.  Sorry that I couldn't do better, but I did spend
  over twenty hours this weekend either grading or working on class prep.
* I'll reserve time at the start of class for questions on the projects.
* Today's lab writeup: 5d
* Optional fun reading  on the Digital Commons
  <http://www.aallnet.org/main-menu/Publications/llj/LLJ-Archives/Vol-96/pub_llj_v96n02/2004-17.pdf>
* Upcoming extra credit opportunities:
    * Digital Commons talk Monday, November 18, 7:30 p.m., JRC 101
    * HS Conference Vocal Festival, 7:00 p.m., Tuesday (400 or so singers)
    * CS Talk, Wednesday, noon, Noyce 3821.
      Writing Bug-Free Code with Theorem Proovers.
    * Basketball, Wednesday, 5:30
    * SH, 10:00 p.m., Wednesday Relish
    * Swim meet Saturday
    * Hamlet, Friday 7:30, Saturday 7:30, Sunday 2:00.
    * Typhoon Halyan Relief benefit show, Sunday, November 24th from 7-9pm
      in Harris.  (If the entry fee is a burden, let me know and I'll
      give you the money.)
    * "Data Sovreignty: The Challenge of Geolocating Data in the Cloud",
      November 25, 4:15 JRC 101
    * Showing of "Gold Fever" by Andrew Shurburne '01 or so, 7:00 p.m.
      Monday, November 25, ARH 302
    * Tuesday, November 26, 4:15 p.m., JRC 209  a gaming event with the 
      game [d0x3d!]   Popcorn will be served.

### Questions on the Project

* Your proposals are due tomorrow at 10:30 p.m.!
* I want to see pretty sketches Wednesday at 1:15 p.m.!
* No, just using the fog filter does not make your image interesting.

Lab
---
