CSC151.02 2013F, Class 43: Association Lists
============================================

_Overview_

* Preliminaries.
    * Admin.
    * Questions on Project.
* Lab.

Preliminaries
-------------

### Admin

* Today's lab writeup (#25): Turn in 4, 5d, 6c
* There seem to be some occasional bugs in image-compute that result
  in square blocks of "noise" appearing in the image.  If this happens
  to you, please send me the code that does it.
* People want a Thursday review session this week.
* Upcoming extra credit opportunities:
    * CS Talk, Wednesday, noon, Noyce 3821.
      Writing Bug-Free Code with Theorem Provers.
    * Basketball, Wednesday, 5:30 pm
    * CS Table, Friday
    * Hamlet, Friday (7:30pm), Saturday (7:30pm), Sunday (2pm).
    * Chamber Ensemble Saturday at 7:30 pm
    * Typhoon Halyan Relief benefit show, Sunday, November 24th from 7-9pm
      in Harris.  (If the entry fee is a burden, let me know and I'll
      give you the money.)
    * "Data Sovreignty: The Challenge of Geolocating Data in the Cloud",
      November 25, 4:15 JRC 101
    * Showing of "Gold Fever" by Andrew Shurburne '01 or so, 7:00 p.m.
      Monday, November 25, ARH 302
    * Tuesday, November 26, 4:15 p.m., JRC 209  a gaming event with the 
      game [d0x3d!]   Popcorn will be served.

### Questions on Project

* Gimp procedure browser refers to "drawables".  
    * Drawables are layers (and some related things)
    * (image-get-layer image)
    * (gimp-image-get-layers image) - gives # of layers and vector of layers
* Can our sketches be sketchy?
    * Yes
* How much writing do you want?
    * About a page (single spaced, twelve point)

Lab
---

