CSC151.02 2013F, Class 48: Merge Sort
=====================================

_Overview_

* Preliminaries.
    * Admin.
    * Questions.
* More efficient sorting techniques.
* Divide and conquer, revisited.
* Merge sort.
* Analyzing merge sort.
* Lab

Preliminaries
-------------

### Admin

* [Exam 3](../assignments/exam.03.html) is ready.
* For people who attended class today and worked on the lab in class, there
  is no writeup.
* People who did not show up to today's class are expected to do 
  lab writeup 29: Problems 6 and extra 1.
  * TB, WBC, RC, MH, TJ, RJ, YK, AL, ELB, JOP, AOP, WR, AS, AS,  JY
* Upcoming extra credit opportunities:
    * Any self-care week activity
    * _One Grinnell_ rally on December 4 at 4pm.
        * And yes, I have contacted Dean Arora about the timing.
    * Home game for Basketball, December 4 at 5:30pm
    * Pie on ear swim meet Dec 6-8

More efficient sorting techniques
---------------------------------

Thinking about insertion sort ...
* For a list of length n, we call insert n times
    * Insert into the empty list
    * Insert into a list of length 1
    * Insert into a list of length 2
    * Insert into a list of length 3
    * And so and so forth
* If we're lucky, insert happens at the front, that's one step
  Approximately n total calls to cons (or whatever)
* If we're unlucky, insert happens at the end
    * Inserting into a sublist of length k takes about k recursive calls
* Overall running time
    * 0 + 1 + 2 + ... n-1 is approximately (n^2)/2
* If I double the input size and I'm unlucky ...
    * E.g., if it's 1 minute to sort 100 things, it will take 4 minutes
      to sort 200 things
        (2n)^2/2 = 4(n^2)/2
* When we have an inefficient algorithm ... can we do better?

Divide and conquer, revisited
-----------------------------

* Divide in half
* Sort each side
* Merge 'em back together

Analyzing merge sort
--------------------

* See white board.  ALex took a photo.
