CSC151.02 2013F, Class 51: Objects in Scheme, Continued
=======================================================

_Overview_

* Preliminaries.
    * Admin.
    * Questions on the Exam.
    * StalkerQuiz.
* Lab.
* Reflection.

Preliminaries
-------------

### Admin

* Final lab writeup! Problem 6 (Due Friday)
  CSC151.02 Lab Writeup 31: Objects (Your Name Here)
* After today: No more readings!  No more labs!  No more quizzes!
  Just collaborative discussion, lecture, and, oh, an exam or two.
* Some of you might find this interesting
  <http://rachelnabors.com/alice-in-videoland/book/>
* If you finish the lab and extras, feel free to play on the InterWeb,
  but I'd like you to stay so that we can use the last few minutes to
  debrief.
* Upcoming extra credit opportunities:
    * Any self-care week activity.
    * _One Grinnell_ rally today at 4pm 
    * Basketball today at 5:00.
    * Learning from Alumni Thursday at 2:15: Erik Hanson (in person)
    * CS Extras Thursday at 4:30: Summer Opportunities in CS
    * CS Table Friday: Beyond Efficiency
    * Swim meet Friday/Saturday.
    * One acts Friday at 7:30 and Saturday at 2:00
* Other good things to do
    * One acts Saturday at 7:30 and Sunday 2:00
    * Is anyone in the dance ensemble?

### Questions

_Can I really write a procedure without a lambda?_

> Sure

    (define increment (lambda (x) (+ x 1)))

    (define increment (r-s + 1))

_But that's really simple.  How about something more complicated?_

> Sure

    (define square-all (lambda (lst) (map square lst)))

    (define square-all (l-s map square))

_But there's no lambda?  Where does `square-all` get its input?_

    (square-all '(2)) 
    => ((l-s map square) '(2))
    => ((lambda (x) (map square x)) '(2))
    => (map square '(2))
    => (list (square 2))
    => (4)

_Can we document even if you say 'but do not document'?_

> Certainly.

_Can we be more accurate than .001 on the cube root problem?_

> Yes, as long as your code terminates.

### StalkerQuiz

* Please turn off your screens.
* The computer chose the ordering (it was the order of the image names).
* Yes, I drop the lowest quiz.

Lab
---

Reflection
----------

