CSC151.02 2013F, Class 53: Project Assessment: Algorithms
=========================================================

_Overview_

* Preliminaries.
    * Admin.
    * Questions.

* Debriefing from previous class.
* Students discuss programming techniques.

Preliminaries
-------------

### Admin

* Enjoy Happy Exciting Liberal Learning Week (Aka Well week)
* Candy and Fruit!
* Study break tonight 8-10.  Smoothies!  (May run out, so get there early.)
    * Yes, 151 students are welcome to attend CS study breaks!
* Upcoming extra credit opportunities:
    * CS Extras Thursday at 4:30: Mediascripting
    * Math/Stats Talk Today at 4:15
    * Math/Stats Talk Tomorrow at 4:15
    * CS Table Friday: TBD.
* Handouts from Sam's talk last week
    <http://www.cs.grinnell.edu/~rebelsky/Department/cs-summer.html>

### Questions on Exam 3

_On 4b, you ask us to summarize what we learn.  How much do you want?_

> It should be pretty obvious why Sam gets frustrated by code like this.  A
sentence should suffice.

_I can't get recursion to work with a named let_

   (define sum
     (lambda (lst)
       (let kernel ([sum-so-far 0]
                    [remaining lst])
         (if (null? remaining)
             sum-so-far
             (kernel (+ sum-so-far (car remaining)) 
                     (cdr remaining))))))

_Does that let me change values?_

> Kind of

_Why did you give us my-length?_

> So that we can count what's really going on, and see why Sam is annoyed.

_And is it how length is normally implemented?_

> Yes

_Should we provide the modified my-length?_

> Yes

_Can we use your list for the vector-assoc problem?_

> Yes

_For Problem 5 (Steganography), what is your grading plan?_

* One lambda and correct code: Full credit
* Two lambdas and correct code: Less than full credit
* Three lambdas and correct code: Much less than full credit
* Only lambdas and parentheses (AND CORRECT): Double credit
* Zero lambdas and correct code: More than full credit
* Zero lambdas and ugly code: TBD

_Don't we always need at least one lambda?)

> No

    (define increment (l-s + 1))

_Can you clarify due stuff?_

> If you email me the exam by 10:30 p.m. CT on Monday, 9 December 2013 and hand
  me a paper copy by 1:15 p.m. on Tuesday, 10 December 2013, you get two more
  points on the exam.  So, if you had 125 points, you now have 127.

> If you email me the exam by 10:30 p.m. CT on Tuesday, 10 December 2013 and
  hand me a paper copy by 1:15 p.m. on Wednesday, 11 Decmeber 2013, you get
  your normal score on the exam.

> If you fail to achieve either of those cases, and you haven't arranged an
  alternative with me, your grade is likely to be significantly lower.

_Question that is so confusing that Sam can't even write it down_

> Let's talk one on one.

_Can we resubmit our electronic version?_

> It depends on whether I've started grading it or not.  Once I've started grading,
  your copy, you may not give me a new copy.

_What should we do if there's another final at the same time as your final?_

> Talk to me about rescheduling.

Debriefing from previous class
------------------------------

Students discuss programming techniques
---------------------------------------

