CSC151.02 2013F, Class 54: What is Computer Science? Revisited
==============================================================

_Overview_

* Preliminaries.
    * Admin.
    * Questions on Exam 3.
* What is CS?
* Subfields of CS.
* Related Disciplines.

Preliminaries
-------------

### Admin

* Am I expected to show up for class on Friday?  Yes!
    * Sam will encourage you to come by providing bacon, spinach, and sweets
* Have you scheduled an alternate time for the exam?  9:00 a.m. Thursday.
* Upcoming extra credit opportunities:
    * Math/Stats Talk today, maybe
    * CS Extras Thursday at 4:30: Mediascripting
    * CS Table Friday: TBD.

### Questions on the Exam

_How do I do two things in a conditional?_

> Option 1

    (when (test)
      (do-thing-one)
      (do-thing-two))

> Option 2

    (cond
      [(test1) (do-thing-1) (do-thing-2)]
      )

> Option 3

    (if (test)
       (let ()
          (do-thing-1)
          (do-thing-2))
       (let ()
          (do-alternate-thing-1)
          (do-alternate-thing-2)))

_If we want to change values, what do we do?_

> Use a recursive procedure, defined using named let or letrec.

What is CS?
-----------

* Something that is only a small part of life.  "There's more to life than
  computer science."
* Something that is not computer programming
    * Computer programming is building software applications with different
      languages.
* The classic answer: Computer science is a formalized study of problem
  solving using algorithms and data structures
    * Algorithms - Instructions that someone can follow to achieve a goal/result
        * Making images
        * Searching for information
        * Organizing information (sorting)
    * Data Structures - Way to organize data (usually in support of an algorithm)
        * Lists
        * Vector
        * Files
        * Trees
        * Pairs
        * Objects - Encapsulate mutable data
        * Images
        * Bits/binary
        * Maybe
           * name with let
           * strings
* In solving problems, computer scientists identify some fundamental types
  to work with and operations on those types
    * Characters
* Main approaches to algorithms and data structures
    * Design them
    * Implement them - in a programming language, in machinery
    * Analyze them - for correctness, efficiency, robustness, etc.
    * Consider implications
* Often done in particular domains
    * Image making: E.g., how I make a circle from lines
    * But also broad: Sorting

Subfields of CS
---------------

* Implementing algorithms in hardware - Architecture and Organization - CSC 211
* Algorithms for communicating processes and other related stuff
  Operating Systems - Algorithms and DS that allow multiple programs to
    run simultaneously and use shared resources - CSC 213
* Computer graphics: How you model and draw representational "stuff" (special
  topics)
* Artificial Intelligence: How do you make the computer "think" like a human
  (or seem to think like a human)?  CSC 261 - Artificial Intelligence
    * A reason that Scheme/LISP were designed
    * These can solve certain kinds of problems, but not all
    * And can do better than humans at some things
* Algorithms - The same stuff we did here, but at a much deeper level
    * Solutions to common problems
    * Generalized mechanisms for solving problems
    * Proof of correctness
    * Analysis of possible efficiency
       * Insertion sort/ bubble sort./ selection sort take approximately
         n*n/2
       * Merge sort takes approximately n*log_2(n)
       * Can we do even better?  Not with compare and swap
    * CSC301 - Algorithms
* Limits of computing- What is computable?
    * Given two models of computability, are they equivalent?  (Church-Turing
      Hypothesis: All sufficiently useful model of computing are equivalent.)
    * Are there things that can't be computed?  There are things that are
      provably uncomputable, including something as natural as: Given an
      arbitrary computer program and an input to that program, will the program
      run forever?
        * (define elb (lambda (x) (elb (+ x 1))))
    * There is no efficient solution to the travelling salescritter problem:
      Given a set of N cities, find the shortest path that visits each city
      exactly once.
         * Easy solution: Make every permutation of the list of cities,
           Choose the smallest of those permutations
         * Really slow.  For 20 cities, on a trillion-ops-per-second machine,
           seems to be at least 1/4 day
    * CSC 341
* The halting problem
    * Assume blake is a program that, given another program and its input
      says if the program halts
    * (define toby (lambda (program) (if (blake program program) (elb 0) #t)))
      (blake toby toby)

Related Disciplines
-------------------

