CSC151.02 2013F, Class 56: Discussion of Exam 3 and Review for Final
====================================================================

_Overview_

* Preliminaries.
    * Admin.
* Some questions about the course.
* About the final.
* Short discussion of exam 3.
* Final thoughts (starting at 1:55).

Preliminaries
-------------

### Admin

* Snacks!
* Exams returned.
* Most other grades distributed via email.  A few more quiz grades still
  to come, as well as calculated grades.  (Hopefully Saturday.  But I
  need sleep right now, and my other class needs grading.)
* Final Tuesday at 2 or Thursday at 9.
* Any events to announce?
    * Nerf at Noyce at 8:30 tonight

Sam's Questions
---------------

* 40 people is a lot.  Should I say "no" the next time students plead 
  to get in to 151 and it brings the class over 36?
    * Gives a lot of variety
    * Maybe stop at 32
    * Keep the review sessions or other opportunities for smaller group things
* Why didn't anyone drop?  ("Melt" is typical in 151.)
* What's something I did really well?
    * Examples - Including the examples at the front
    * Drawing messy pictures.  
* What's something I really need to improve (other than getting you
  graded work more quickly)?
    * Allow online grade access
    * Readings are DENSE
        * Find better ways to explain complex topics like l-s and r-s
    * More code to look at, such as solutions to labs
    * Sometimes need to talk more - 5-10 minute mini lectures
    * Sometimes need to talk less
* What else should I know?
    * Maybe more clicker questions
    * Maybe split the room
    * Maybe click on "this is how I want to spend today's class"
    * Clickers were more effective than "close your eyes and wave your hands"

About the Final
---------------

* In class.
* Written.
* You may bring one page of handwritten notes.
* Comprehensive.
* Four problems.
* Four-problem grading format: 4 is an A, 3 is a B, 2 is a C, 1 is a D.

Exam 3
------

* We'll consider any problems you have questions about.  
* But I'm unlikely to keep solutions posted.

Final Thoughts
--------------

* Ending the class is hard.
* I really did enjoy (attempting to) teach you.
