* Welcome to CSC 151!  I'm Sam.   Our morning mentors are Erin and Albert.
  Our afternoon mentors are Alex and Sarah.
* Grab a normal playing card and hold on to it.
* Grab a blank playing card and a pen, write your name on the card,
  (illustrate if you feel so inclined), and hand both to a mentor when 
  you are done.

### Upcoming Work

* [Assignment 1](../assignments/assignment.01.html) due tomorrow night.
* Readings for Wednesday:
  [Grinnell's Linux Environment](../readings/linux-reading.html) and
  [Parts of Algorithms](../readings/algorithms-reading.html)

### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic 

* Today, 6:00 p.m., Herrick, Ta-Nehisi Coates, "The Case for Reparations"
* Friday, 12:10 p.m., JRC 224A (Day PDR), CS Table, "Computer Programming
  as an Art" (copies outside my office)

#### Peer Support (Morning Section)

* Swimming, Friday, January 30, 6:30 p.m., Osgood Natatorium
* Swimming, Saturday, January 31, noon, Osgood Natatorium

#### Peer Support (Afternoon Section)

* Swimming, Friday, January 30, 6:30 p.m., Osgood Natatorium
* Swimming, Saturday, January 31, noon, Osgood Natatorium

### Attendance

* I would like to know
    * What name to use for you in less formal situations.  This will usually
      be your given name or a nick name.
    * What name to use if I am addressing you by family name or last name.
    * Your preferred gender pronoun.
    * Optionally, any upcoming events in which you are participating that
      you would like classmates to attend.
* When I call a name that resembles your name, please answer using something
  like the following models.  (It's okay if you don't have any upcoming
  events.)
    * Hi.  My name is Casey Smith.  I prefer that you call me "Case" or
      "Mr. Smith".  My preferred gender pronouns are he, him, and his.
      I'm singing in a Con Brio concert this weekend, and I hope to see many 
      of you there, whether or not you are opposed to toy trains.
    * Hi.  My name is Casey Smith.  I prefer that you call me "Casey" or
      "Ms. Smith".  My preferred gender pronouns are she and her.  I'm
      swimming against cornfolk from the neighboring state on Friday,
      January 30, and we always like to have folks cheer us on.
    * Hi.  My name is Case Smith.  I prefer thaty ou call me "Cay" or
      "Mx. Smith".  My preferred gender pronouns are zi and zir.  I'm
      giving a math talk on non-Euclidean combinatorics next Tuesday.
