* Don't forget that we have class on Tuesday!
* I have about 60 introductory surveys to read and respond to between my two primary classes.  It takes me about fifteen minutes per survey.  Hence, it may take me a few days to get to yours.  (I have tried to skim for questions.)
* If you have not already done so, please grab 
    * a regular playing card
    * two blank playing cards, 
    * a Sharpie (you may have share)
    * a set of lab instructions.
* Did anyone see the bands in Gardner last night?
* We will stop with about twenty minutes left in class for you to do the lab.
* There are a set of quick notes on administrative details at the end of 
  today's outline.  We won't cover them in class, and you should have seen
  most of them in your readings for today.

### Attendance

* No formal attendance today.
* Please write your name on one side of one of the blank playing cards.  
  If you want to draw on same side, too, that's fine.  Please leave the
  other side blank.
    * I'll collect them during class.
* Please say your name when you answer or ask questions.

### Upcoming Work

* HW 2 will be assigned Wednesday and due next Tuesday.
* Readings for Tuesday: 
    * [The DrRacket Programming Environment](../readings/drracket-reading.html)
    * [Beginning Scheme](../readings/beginning-scheme-reading.html)
    * [How Scheme Evaluates Expressions v. 1](../readings/scheme-eval-1.html)

### Some Comments in Response to the Surveys

* I'll email you a link to the [summary of lessons learned](../handouts/lessons.html)
* I've put some more information in the FAQ.  Feel free to peruse it (or not).
* A few of you didn't follow instructions (e.g., in terms of the title of 
  the email messages, where to put your answers, or how many messages to send).
  In many cases, I asked you to resubmit.
* Many of you noted that the survey is a way to ensure that you read the 
  syllabus (which you probably wouldn't be inclined to do otherwise because 
  I am a bit verbose).  
    * Note I also ask you to do the survey so that I can see what your 
      questions are and attempt to answer them.
    * In addition, I believe that my responses to your surveys make it clear 
      that I am accessible.
    * The survey also gives me a list of things that I might want to address 
      in class, such as the comments that follow.
* For clarity: I prefer that you address me as "Sam" rather than 
  "Professor Rebelsky".  I hate to be addressed in the generic.
* Don't forget that evening tutors are a resource.  Students who have 
  previously taken CSC 151 can also serve as a resource.
* Don't forget to cite.  URLs suffice for citations so that it's not a burden.  
* "I have very little background with computers" is a common response.  Don't 
  worry about it.  Every year we graduate CS majors who felt the same way when 
  they started.  (And no, I don't expect all of you to become CS majors.)
* There's a difference between outlines (prepared in advance) and eboards
  (recording what happened).
* I heard concerns about workload from a few students (including some 
  upper-level students).  If you're spending more than ten hours per 
  week outside of class, something is wrong, and we should talk.
* Remember that we have daily work in addition to the weekly assignments.
* I'm not on IRC so much any more.  I should probably remove comments on 
  IRC from the syllabus.
* A few of you noted that study groups are a good way to prepare for class.  
  That's a great idea (for almost any class).

### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic

* CS Extras Thursday at 4:30 p.m. in Science 3821.  Adam Arsenault on
  his internship at the Free Software Foundation.

#### Peer Support

* Football Games (???)
* Women's Volleyball home matches (???)
* Men's Tennis home matches  (???)
* Women's Tennis home matches (???)
