* Please grab a card to identify what computer you are on today (through
  Friday).  
    * Maps are scattered around the room.  
    * Put the card in the jar once you've read the name of the computer.
* My normal office hours are MWF 11:00-11:50.  You sign up for those at
  <https://rebelsky.youcanbook.me>.  My paperwork times are M-F, 8-9 am.
  Those are probably the best times to try to schedule alternate appointment
  times.  Check my schedule for more.  (I'll give up the occasional class prep
  time if necessary, but I prefer advance notice.)
* You now know how to get online, so I won't be providing printed copies of
  the lab manuals.

### Upcoming Work

* Two readings for Wednesday:
  [Numeric Values](../readings/numbers-reading.html) and
  [Symbolic Values](../readings/symbols-reading.html)

### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic

* TODAY, noon, CS Table, JRC 224C.  How Google Can Manipulate 
  Elections.  Readings available in the back of the classroom.
  If you are not on a meal plan, we'll pay for your meal.

#### Peer Support

* Pals of PALS, pals@grinnell.edu, normally Saturday at 1:30
  and Mondays at 4:45.  Requires sign up in advance.
* Pun Club, Saturdays, 4pm, Way over Younker

### Leftover Questions on Algorithms

**Thanks very much to the students who provided these questions!**

_Can you give an example of a subroutine from the nut butter and preserve algorithm?_

> Sure.  There was an "open a jar" algorithm that I could have applied to
both the nut butter jar and the preserve jar.  Given that the preserve
jar is glass, I don't think it would have been a good idea to use the
"hit the top of the jar on the counter" algorithm.  Here's an alternative.
(Yes, you can probably find flaws.)

>  To open a jar
   
>  1. grasp the body of the jar with your non-dominant hand 
   holding the top of the jar upward.

>  2. grasp the lid of the jar with your dominant hand

>  3. if the jar appears to be a screw-top jar, rotate the lid of the
   jar counter-clockwise while continuing to hold the bottom steady.
   Keep rotating the lid counter-clockwise until it separates from the jar.

>  4. if the jar appears to be a pop-top jar, pull the lid upward, applying
   force at the edge of the lid while holding the body of the jar steady

>  5. if the jar appears to be neither a screw-top jar nor a pop-top jar,
   report an inability to open the jar and stop.

_Can you give examples of the where parts of an algorithm appear in the
nut butter and preserve algorithm?_

* "Untwist" and "grab" are *basic operations*.  (Many of you assumed 
  that "open" is a basic operation.  But it didn't seem to be.)
* The jars, utensils, bread, plates, and napkins are the *parameters* 
  to the algorithm.  
* Similarly, the jar is the *parameter* to the "open a jar" algorithm.
* Within the broader algorithm, "the slices of bread" (meaning the ones 
  that I removed from the bag) are *variables*.
* Similarly, the "dominant hand" is a *variable* within the "open a jar" 
  algorithm.
* Opening the bag of bread before removing the bread is an example of 
  *sequencing*
* Questions about the type of jar are examples of *conditionals*
* "Keep rotating the lid counter-clockwise until it separates from 
  the jar" is an example of *repetition*.
* And as we just saw, the "open a jar" steps are a *subroutine*.

