* I'll attempt attendance while wandering around the room.
* Please grab a card to identify what computer you are on today (through
  Friday).  
    * Maps are scattered around the room.  
    * Put the card in the jar once you've read the name of the computer.
* My normal office hours are MWF 11:00-11:50.  You sign up for those at
  <https://rebelsky.youcanbook.me>.  My paperwork times are M-F, 8-9 am.
  Those are probably the best times to try to schedule alternate appointment
  times.  Check my schedule for more.  (I'll give up the occasional class prep
  time if necessary, but I prefer advance notice.)
* Mentor Review sessions Wednesday 8pm and Thursday 8pm in the CS commons.
    * Mentors usually prepare discussion questions and sample quiz questions.
* Sam review sessions Thursdays at 10am in our classroom.
    * Sam does not prepare at all, but answers almost any reasonable question.
* EG wants you to know that I have been known to phone students who don't
  show up for class.

### Upcoming Work

* Two readings for Friday:
  [Design and Color](../readings/design-and-color-reading.html) and
  [RGB Colors](../readings/rgb-early-reading.html)
* [Assignment 2](../assignments/assignment.02.html) is ready.  Your
  assignment partner is the person (or people) at the same computer
  as you.
    * I will take questions on the assignment at the start of class 
      on Friday and Monday.
* Quiz Friday!  
    * 10 minutes.  
    * Topics: 
        * The parts of an algorithm.  
        * The form of Scheme expressions.
        * Arithmetic operations in Scheme.
    * Sample forms of questions
        * Given *this algorithm*, identify *these parts*.
        * What output will I get for *this Scheme code*?
  
### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic

* Tuesday, noon, CS Table, JRC 224C.  Topic TBD.

#### Peer Support

* Pals of PALS, pals@grinnell.edu, normally Saturday at 1:30
  and Mondays at 4:45.  Requires sign up in advance.
* Pun Club, Saturdays, 4pm, Way over Younker

### Leftover Comments and Questions from Day One of Scheme

_How do you know if the square root procedure behaved properly?_

_What were some things you discovered about Scheme?_
