* New lab partners.
    * Take a playing card.
    * Sit at the computer on the playing card.
    * Introduce yourself to your partner when he/she/zi sits down.
* No attendance today.
* You can view [notes from yesterday's review session](../eboards/extra.01.html)
* Our final is scheduled for Friday of finals week.  It is optional.
  I am happy to work out other times with you individually.
* I have flash drives with virtual Linux computers that you can run on
  your Mac, MS Windows, or Linux computer, along with instructions.  Feel 
  free to take a flash drive, but please bring them back after you get it
  installed.
* Since it's a weekend, a few reminders.
    * Decide what *you* want and what *you* feel comfortable with.  
    * And please, if you drink, please drink responsibly.

### Upcoming Work

* Lab writeup for today (due Monday): Exercise 4, parts a, c, and e.  
  See link on schedule or list of labs for link to submit it.
* [HW 2](../assignments/assignment.02.html) is due Tuesday.
* Readings for Monday: 
    * [Writing Your Own Procedures](../readings/procedures-reading.html)
    * [How Scheme Evaluates Expressions (take 2)](../readings/scheme-eval-2.html)

### Extra Credit Opportunities

* Note: Please send a short (one paragraph) reflection on any extra credit
  activity you attend.  And reflect, don't summarize.

#### Academic

* Awesome show at the Faulconer gallery.
* Convo next Wednesday at noon.  "Limiting Armed Drone Proliferation" by 
  Micah Zenko, the Douglas Dillon fellow in the Center for Preventive
  Action at the Council on Foreign Relations and vice chair of the World
  Economic Forum Global Agenda Council on Terrorism.
    * Sam's comments on the value of convo
* Any other event in the Rosenfield Drones program.
* CS Extra, Thursday, September 11: Ajuna Kyaruzi '17 on being a SysAdmin

#### Peer Support

* Football Games (???)
* Women's Volleyball home matches (???)
* Men's Tennis home matches  (???)
* Women's Tennis (at Luther, noon and 3:30 p.m. Saturday)
* Anna Christie, Oct. 9-12 (SB plays Marthy)

