* Please return your flash drives so that I can supply them to the other
  section of the class.
    * Note: I've given you virtual machines primarily so that you can
      do the short end-of-reading problems and finish labs in the comfort 
      of your room.
    * I strongly recommend that you come to 3813/3815 to work on homework 
      assignments and other problems.
* Quiz 1 returned.  
    * Quizzes have two main purposes: They let you gauge how you well you
      are grasping some material and they let me see how the class is
      doing overall.
    * If you had difficulty on the quiz, you may want to chat with me
      or one of the mentors.  (If you also have difficulty on quiz 2,
      you definitely should talk to me or one of the mentors.)
    * Greatest confusion: `(ceiling -9.3)` -> `-9.0`.
    * The return of quiz 1 serves as my attendance for today.
* Apologies for the broken link for part two of today's reading.  
    * It should have been fixed at about 7pm Sunday night.  
    * Please do let me know when you find broken links (and what
      link you are clicking).
* When you run DrRacket in MathLAN, make sure that you are running 5.3.6 
  and not 5.2.1.
* There's a lot of lecture/recitation today.  It seems necessary.

### Upcoming Work

* Lab writeup for the drawings-as-values lab (due Wednesday): Exercise 4, 
  parts a, c, and e.  
  See link on schedule or list of labs for link to submit it.
* I'll assign the writeup for the procedures lab tomorrow (due Friday).
* [HW 2](../assignments/assignment.02.html) is due Tuesday.
    * Clarification: Only one assignment per group.
    * Clarification: No need to submit A.6.
    * Note: You may want to carbon copy your colleagues.
* Readings for Tuesday: 
    * [How Scheme Evaluates Expressions (Take 2)](../readings/scheme-eval-2.html)
    * [How Pair Programming Really Works](http://www.computer.org/cms/Computer.org/ComputingNow/homepage/2010/0110/W_SW_PairProgramming.pdf) - Distributed in paper form.

### Extra Credit Opportunities

* Note: Please send a short (one paragraph) reflection on any extra credit
  activity you attend.  And reflect, don't summarize.
* I'd like to see more of you taking advantage of these opportunities.

#### Academic

* Awesome show at the Faulconer gallery.
* Convo next Wednesday at noon.  "Limiting Armed Drone Proliferation" by 
  Micah Zenko, the Douglas Dillon fellow in the Center for Preventive
  Action at the Council on Foreign Relations and vice chair of the World
  Economic Forum Global Agenda Council on Terrorism.
* Any other event in the Rosenfield Drones program.
* CS Extra, Thursday, September 11: Ajuna Kyaruzi '17 on being a SysAdmin

#### Peer Support

* Football Games (???)
* Women's Volleyball home matches (???)
* Men's Tennis home matches  (???)
* Women's Tennis (???)
* Anna Christie, Oct. 9-12 (SB plays Marthy)

