* Retain partners!
* I see that some of you have started to experience the rush of
  "*I got it to work!*"
* Some of you received comments on Lab 3.  
    * We'll only send comments on things that are clearly special or need 
      feedback (or both).
    * It's okay to be wrong, as long as you indicate that you know you
      are wrong.
    * Everyone who turned in lab 3 still got credit; the comments are mostly
      to help you learn.  (They mostly take the form "If Scheme computes
      a square root incorrectly, asking Scheme to check the answer is 
      probably a bad idea.")
* Some of you have figured out that it's easier to navigate the classroom if
  you use the coat hooks at the back of the room.  (It keeps your coats in
  nicer shape, too.)
* It's Friday!  It's PSA time.
    * I'm growing to care about you as people, and so I want to see you
      happy and healthy.  (Or at least I don't want to see you unhappy
      and unhealthy.)
    * If you drink, drink responsibly.
    * Consent is necessary.  Giving and receiving consent while impaired
      is difficult, if not impossible.
    * Consider choices in advance.
    * Most reasonable choices are not uncommon.  But also consider
      health risks of some choices.

* Quiz today!
* Note: You should probably switch off who is on the keyboard every
  ten minutes or so.

### Upcoming Work

* [Assignment 3](../assignments/assignment.03.html).
    * Due next Tuesday at 10:30 p.m.
    * Don't forget the prologue and epilogue!
* Lab writeup for lab 7 (today), due Monday before class: Exercise 6.
  <http://bit.ly/151-2015S-lab07>
* Readings for Monday:
  [Documenting Your Procedures](../readings/documentation-reading.html) and
  How Pair Programming Really Works, available at
  <http://www.computer.org/cms/Computer.org/ComputingNow/homepage/2010/0110/W_SW_PairProgramming.pdf>.

### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic 

* Friday, January 30, 12:10 p.m., JRC 224A (Day PDR), CS Table, RAID
* Friday, February 6, 12:00 p.m., Science 3821, CS Table, Summer Research
  Opportunities for CS Students

#### Peer Support (Morning Section)

* Swimming, Friday, January 30 (TONIGHT), 6:30 p.m., Osgood Natatorium
* Swimming, Saturday, January 31, noon, Osgood Natatorium
* Julia's radio show, "The Hot Box".  Wednesday night/Thursday morning 
  1:00-2:00 a.m.  Next week's theme might be *Transportation/Arriving*.

#### Peer Support (Afternoon Section)

* Swimming, Friday, January 30 (TODAY), 6:30 p.m., Osgood Natatorium
* Swimming, Saturday, January 31, noon, Osgood Natatorium
* Men's Tennis, Saturday, January 31, Field House

### Recommended Events (no EC unless mentioned above)

* #OneGrinnell, Wednesday, February 4 at 4:15 p.m.
