* Continue partners for one more day.
* We will discuss quizzes today.  I will only record your quiz 2 grade if
  you got a 9 or 10.
* Note: You can quickly navigate a large Racket file using the
  (define ...) menu at the top.
* Notes on HW3: 
    * Yes, you need to document the `smiley` procedure using the 6P format.
    * No, you don't ned to document the other procedures.  But it's nice 
      if you do (or at least a short comment).
* A new format for today's class: For each topic, you'll spend two minutes
  talking to your partner about the issues, and then we'll talk about it 
  together as a wohle class.

### Upcoming Work

* [Assignment 3](../assignments/assignment.03.html).
    * Due Tuesday at 10:30 p.m.
    * Don't forget the prologue and epilogue!
* Exam 1 to be distributed on Wednesday.
* Lab writeup for lab 8 (today), due Wednesday: Document the rectangle
  procedure from the previous lab.  <http://bit.ly/151-2015S-lab08>
* Readings for Tuesday:
    * [Output in Scheme](../readings/output-reading.html)
    * [Basic Image Operations](../readings/image-basics-reading.html)

### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic 

* Wednesday, February 4, 12:00 noon, JRC 101, Scholars' Convication:
  "The Fight for Economic Justice from the Streets of Chicago" by 
  Virginia Parks.
* Any other event in this Rosenfield symposium.
* Friday, February 6, 12:00 noon, Science 3821, CS Table, Summer Research
  Opportunities for CS Students
* TEDx Grinnell, sometime in February.

#### Peer Support (Morning Section)

* Julia's radio show, "The Hot Box".  Wednesday night/Thursday morning 
  1:00-2:00 a.m.  Next week's theme might be *Spanish in Songs*
* Swimming, Conference Championships, February 13-14, The Osgood

#### Peer Support (Afternoon Section)

* Swimming, Conference Championships, February 13-14, The Osgood

### Recommended Events (no EC unless mentioned above)

* #OneGrinnell, Wednesday, February 4 at 4:15 p.m.
