* Maintain partners!
* We had a slight change in schedule.  The input reading for Monday is 
  *forthcoming*.  (It should be ready by Saturday afternoon.)
* Thanks for the folks who showed up to yesterday's review session!
* If you have questions you'd like me to answer, you can write them on
  blank index cards and hand them to the mentors.  I'll send out answers
  tomorrow.
* Friday PSA.
* Moment of silence for 9/11.

### Upcoming Work

* Read for Monday:
  [Output in Scheme](../readings/output-reading.html)
  [Simple Input in Scheme](../simple-input-reading.html)
* [Assignment 3](../assignments/assignment.03.html) due Tuesday @ 10:30 p.m.
    * Your partner is the person who you worked with Wednesday and today.
* Lab writeup (due before class Tuesday)
    * Email to <grader-151-01@cs.grinnell.edu> 
    * Subject: _CSC 151 Lab Writeup Class 9 (Your Names)_
    * Exercise: ____

### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic

* Tuesday, noon, CS Table, JRC 224C.  Hacking Cars.
* CS Extras, Wednesday, Jonathan Wellons '04 from Google.

#### Peer Support

* Pals of PALS, pals@grinnell.edu, normally Saturday at 1:30
  and Mondays at 4:45.  Requires sign up in advance.
* Pun Club, Saturdays, 4pm, Way over Younker.
* Singers concert on Family weekend!  Sept. 26, 2pm., probably JRC 101
* Orchestra concert on Family weekend!  Sept. 26, 2pm., probably Sebring-Lewis
* Les Duke on Saturday.  Peers running at 10:45ish, but any time is okay
  (30 min min)
* Public events series Abraham in Motion Sat at 7:30.  TICKETS NEEDED!
  Bucksbaum box office.

### Quick Demos of Methods of Working Remotely

_See the [Remote Access](../handouts/remote.html) and the
[VM](../references/virtual-machine.html) links for more info._

* Version 1: Virtual Machine
* Version 2: `ssh` (Mac and Linux)
* Version 3: VNC

### Questions on HW 3

_Can we use `if` if we discover how to use it?_

> **No!**
