* Continue partners!
* Mentor session Monday at 7:00 p.m.
* Friday PSA.
* We'll try to to keep quizzes closer to ten minutes today.
* My life is complicated next week.  We have a candidate on campus on Monday
  and I'm coaching the middle school MATHCOUNTS team all day Tuesday.  I'll
  be available via email, but probably not in person, for a lot of the day.  
  (I'll be in my office Monday at 11:00 and at 3:15, but not other times.)

### Upcoming Work

* [Exam 1](../assignments/exam.01.html).
    * Required prologue due TONIGHT.
    * Exam due in electronic form next Tuesday.
    * Exam due in printed form next Wednesday.
    * Required epilogue due next Wednesday night.
    * You may have an extra day to do the exam because of my
      limited availability early next week.
* Lab writeup for lab 10, due Monday, Problem 9
  <http://bit.ly/151-2015S-lab10>
* Reading for Monday:
    * [Design and Color](../readings/design-and-color-reading.html)

### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic 

* Friday, February 6, 12:00 noon, Science 3821, CS Table, Summer Research
  Opportunities for CS Students
* TEDx Grinnell, sometime in February.

#### Miscellaneous

* Read and comment on the new _Grinnell College Guide to Preventing,
  Reporting, and Responding to Sexual Harassment and Sexual 
  Misconduct_

#### Peer Support (Morning Section)

* Track and Field, Saturday at 10 a.m., the Bear Fieldhouse
* Julia's radio show, "The Hot Box".  Wednesday night/Thursday morning 
  1:00-2:00 a.m.  Next week's theme is to be determined.
* Swimming, Conference Championships, February 13-15, The Osgood

#### Peer Support (Afternoon Section)

* Track and Field, Saturday at 10 a.m., the Bear Fieldhouse
* Men's Basketball, Saturday at 3:00 p.m., New Darby
* Swimming, Conference Championships, February 13-15, The Osgood
