* New lab partners today.
* HW 2 returned soon.
* Review sessions tonight, Thursday at 10, and Thursday night.
* I've rearranged the schedule of topics slightly to give us time
  to talk about testing on Friday.
    * The two sections will be out of synch for the next week or two.

### Notes from Epilogues on HW 3

* Not all of you filled in the epilogues.  Please take the time to do so.
  Evidence suggests that you learn better if you bookend your assignments:
  Think about the work in advance, do the work, reflect on it.
    * This approach can also help with more general skills, such as
      reading tasks and assessing workload.
* There was a huge range of time spent, from 3 to 9 hours.
    * The 9-hour group noted that they needed to ask for help earlier.
    * Other long groups noted that they needed to ask for help earlier.
    * Still others just noted that there were a lot of hard problems
      on the assignment.  We thought of 2 as hard, but mostly variants
      of the same hard problem.
* A variety of notes about group work
    * Working with others makes it more efficient.
    * Scheduling is hard.
    * What should I do when my partner seems to understand it better than
      I do?
    * What should I do when I have an idea, but I can't convey it to my
      partner?
    * What should we do when we each want to try a different approach to
      a problem?
* Other important lessons
    * DrRacket likes to crash.  Save early and often.
    * It can be difficult to communicate an approach to your colleagues.

### Upcoming Work

* Lab Writeup: Exercise 10 <151-2014F-w12>, due Friday.
* [Exam 1](../assignments/exam.01.html) distributed.  Due next Tuesday
  evening.
    * We will go over the policies today
    * We will go over the problems on Friday (and Thursday, if you'd like).
* Study for Friday's quiz.
    * Friday's quiz: Drawings, Side effects, Documentation, Procedures
* No readings for Friday.  (You may want to revisit the reading on 
  testing.)

### Campus Events of Interest

* Rosenfield seminar on Scotland, Thursday afternoon/evening.
* Rebecca Hamlin book talk today at 4:15 pm.
* Internship talks Wednesday and Thursday afternoons.

### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic

* Convocation TODAY: President Kington
* CS Table Friday: Browser Tracking
* Campus Town Hall September 30

#### Peer Support

* Football Games (???)
* Men's Tennis (???)
* Women's Tennis (???)
* Anna Christie, Oct. 9-12 (SB plays Marthy)

#### Miscellaneous

* Friends of Drake Library needs help setting up for their annual booksale
  on Thursday, October 2 (conveniently, the same night as Grinnell High
  School's homecoming parade).  You can help a good cause and probably get
  a few free books, too.
