* New lab partners!
* Quiz 3 returned.
* I think all of you saw my email about office hours.  I'll be in as much as
  I can today to answer questions on the exam or to talk about difficulties
  (or both).
* "When do we have the final?"
    * From the home page: The final examination for this course is *optional*. 
      It can be used as a makeup for one examination. I will count the
      final examination only if it is higher than your lowest examination,
      and it will replace the grade for that examination. Our final
      examination is scheduled for 9:00 a.m. on Friday, Dec. 19. However,
      since my other course has a final at 9:00 a.m. on Tuesday, December
      16, I can also offer the final then. (If neither time works for you,
      let's talk. I'll find another time.)

### Upcoming Work

* Lab writeup: Exercises 5e and 7b: <http://bit.ly/151-2014F-w14>
* [Exam 1](../assignments/exam.01.html) due Tuesday night.
    * Bring printed copies on Wednesday.
* Reading for Tuesday:
    * [Transforming Images](../readings/transforming-images-reading.html)

### Warnings on Today's Lab

* In some instances, it may be difficult for some folks eyes eyes to 
  distinguish certain colors.  You may have to look at actual pixel values 
  to see the difference.
* Sometimes Gimp doesn't like to show changes to an image.  We haven't
  figured a way around that, other than clicking on the image (not just
  the window).

### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic

* Convocation Wednesday: Tara Zahra on Emigration from Eastern Europe
* CS Extras Thursday at 4:30: Mathematical Image Synthesis Toolkit
* CS Table Friday at noon: ???
* Campus Town Hall September 30

#### Peer Support

* Noteworthy, Sat., Sept. 27, 3:30 p.m. Herrick
* Science poster session, Sat., Sept. 27, morningish, science elbow
* Football Games (Saturday, Sept. 27, at 1pm)
* Men's Tennis (???)
* Women's Tennis (???)
* Noteworthy, Sat., Sept 27, 3:30 p.m. Herrick
* Anna Christie, Oct. 9-12 (SB plays Marthy)
* Evan's radio show 5pm Friday nights on KDIC
* Donna's radio show Sunday midnight on KDIC

#### Miscellaneous

* Participate in #GrinWell.
* Friends of Drake Library needs help setting up for their annual booksale
  on Thursday, October 2 (conveniently, the same night as Grinnell High
  School's homecoming parade).  You can help a good cause and probably get
  a few free books, too.
