* Continue partners!
* Review sessions:
    * Wednesday, 8pm (Zachary)
    * Thursday, 10am (Sam)
    * Thursday, 8pm (Caleb)
* Lab and reading in the back of the room.  I don't know why the reading
  printed so small.
* I don't know why it's so hard to print from DrRacket.  I'm looking into
  the issue.
* I hear that some of you are starting to get the "cs rush" - the joy of
  realizing that you've solved a hard problem.

### Upcoming Work

* Reading for Wednesday 
  [Homogeneous Lists](../readings/homogenous-lists-reading.html)
* [Exam 1](../assignments/exam.01.html) 
    * Electronic due TONIGHT: <http://bit.ly/151-2015F-exam1>
    * Printed version due TOMORROW
    * Epilogue due TOMORROW NIGHT<http://bit.ly/151-2015F-exam1epi>
* Today's Lab writeup (due before class Friday)
    * Email to <grader-151-01@cs.grinnell.edu> 
    * Subject: _CSC 151 Lab Writeup Class 15 (Your Names)_
    * Exercise: 

### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic

* Any visit to the current show in the Faulconer gallery
* No CS Table this week - It's advising week!
* Wednesday CS Extra this week, 4:15 in 3821: Ursula Woltz on Building
  Coding Communities
* Thursday CS Extra this Week, 4:15 in 3821: SamR on The Architecture of
  Mediascript

#### Peer Support

* Pals of PALS, pals@grinnell.edu, normally Saturday at 7:45 am (breakfast
  included), Sunday at 4:45, and Mondays at 4:45.  Requires sign up in 
  advance.  Fundraising activity forthcoming, too!
* Pun Club, Saturdays, 4pm, Way over Younker.
* Singers concert on Family weekend!  Sept. 26, 2pm., Sebring-Lewis
* Orchestra concert on Family weekend!  Sept. 26, 2pm., Sebring-Lewis

### Non Extra-Credit Activities

* EE's show in Smith
* Grinnell Homecoming Parade Thursday at 5:30 p.m. - Small town homecoming
  is an interesting experience that everyone should see once
