* New partners!  You know the drill.
* Review sessions:
    * Wednesday, 8pm (Zachary)
    * Thursday, 10am (Sam)
    * Thursday, 8pm (Caleb)
* It doesn't look like people are using the printed labs/readings, so I'm
  giving up on them for now.  If you need one today, let me know and I'll
  print one at the start of class.
* Folks are trying to handle the printer problems.
* HW 4 is not quite ready.  Expect it to be distributed tonight.

### Upcoming Work

* Readings for Friday
  [The GNU Image Manipulation Program](../readings/gimp-reading.html) and
  [Programming the GIMP tools](../readings/gimp-tools-reading.html)
* Exam 1
    * Cover sheet due now!
    * Epilogue due TONIGHT<http://bit.ly/151-2015F-exam1epi>
* HW 3 to be distributed later.
* Today's Lab writeup (due before class Monday)
    * Email to <grader-151-01@cs.grinnell.edu> 
    * Subject: _CSC 151 Lab Writeup Class 15 (Your Names)_
    * Exercise: 

### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic

* Any visit to the current show in the Faulconer gallery
* No CS Table this week - It's advising week!
* Wednesday CS Extra this week, 4:15 in 3821: Ursula Woltz on Building
  Coding Communities
* Thursday CS Extra this Week, 4:15 in 3821: SamR on The Architecture of
  Mediascript

#### Peer Support

* Pals of PALS, pals@grinnell.edu, normally Saturday at 7:45 am (breakfast
  included), Sunday at 4:45, and Mondays at 4:45.  Requires sign up in 
  advance.  Fundraising activity forthcoming, too!
* Pun Club, Saturdays, 4pm, Way over Younker.
* Singers concert on Family weekend!  Sept. 26, 2pm., Sebring-Lewis
* Orchestra concert on Family weekend!  Sept. 26, 2pm., Sebring-Lewis

### Non Extra-Credit Activities

* EE's show in Smith
* Grinnell Homecoming Parade Thursday at 5:30 p.m. - Small town homecoming
  is an interesting experience that everyone should see once
