* Continue partners.
* Remember; You can be on the CS mailing list and here about all of our
  events (and internships, and random comments from students and faculty,
  and SEPC study breaks, and ...).
* Moment of silence.
* Friday PSA.

### Upcoming Work

* Readings for Monday:
  [Conditionals](../readings/conditionals-reading.html) 
* [HW 4](../assignments/assignment.04.html) is now ready.  We'll look
  at it quickly.
* No lab writeup today!

### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic

* Any visit to the current show in the Faulconer gallery.
* EE's show in Smith
* CS Table next week: YouTube Content Identification.

##### Too Much Text About CS Table

This week we'll be talking about Youtube and its efforts to enforce the rights of copyright holders with its ContentID system.  Early this month, a federal appeals court in San Francisco "affirmed that copyright holders must consider whether a use of material is fair before sending a takedown notice".

This ruling is the latest development in an on-going battle between copyright holders, Youtube content creators who use the copyright holders content, and Youtube's system---ContentID---to help automatically enforce copyright in its system.

To understand the situation, please read this Gamasutra article---a primer on ContentID for Youtube content creators:

<http://gamasutra.com/blogs/StephenMcArthur/20140624/219589/How_to_Beat_a_YouTube_ContentID_Copyright_Claim__What_every_Gamer_and_MCN_Should_Know.php>

Then catch up on the background of this latest court ruling:

<https://www.eff.org/press/releases/important-win-fair-use-dancing-baby-lawsuit>

<https://www.eff.org/cases/lenz-v-universal>

If you are interested in how Google actually checks for copyright infringement of millions of videos, this algorithmic technique is called fingerprinting.  Here is a short technical paper from Google on the approach that ContentID takes (based on finite-state transducers versus traditional hashing methods):

<http://cs.nyu.edu/~eugenew/publications/icassp07.pdf>


#### Peer Support

* Pals of PALS, pals@grinnell.edu, normally Saturday at 7:45 am (breakfast
  included), Sunday at 4:45, and Mondays at 4:45.  Requires sign up in 
  advance.  Fundraising activity Saturday at 10:30 at 824 High Street.
* Pun Club, Saturdays, 4pm, Way over Younker.
* Singers concert on Family weekend!  Sept. 26, 2pm., Sebring-Lewis
* Orchestra concert on Family weekend!  Sept. 26, 2pm., Sebring-Lewis
* Eid dinner tonight.  If it stretches your finances to pay for the 
  ticket, let me know and I'll pay.

