* Continue partners from Friday.
* Welcome to any prospective students we may have!
* Office hours (modified due to meetings): 
    * Monday 3:15-4:45
    * Tuesday 8:00-9:45
    * Wednesday 8:00-9:45
    * Thursday 8:00-9:45, 2:30-3:15
    * Friday 1:45-3:15 (also Walking hours 1:15-1:45)
* Let me know by 5pm today if you want to work alone on the next HW.
* Reflections on partners.
    * *I appreciate the thoughtful comments I've received.*
    * Some feel very strongly that letting some people choose partners
      will disadvantage those who don't choose their own partners.
    * Scheduling is a problem.
    * One person suggested "No partners, but you can talk to anyone".
      I worry that this model means that some people will be much
      slower than others (partnering does help even things out).
    * One person suggested that groups make a policy that you rotate
      who is at the keyboard.
    * Would pairs rather than groups of 3 be better for scheduling?
* To provide you with incentive to take your own notes on each topic we
  cover: If you send me a summary of what you think are the important
  takeaways from any reading/lab combination, I will comment on your summary.
* We'll talk for a little bit about lambdas.  (This will reprise some
  things we talked about at the Thursday review session.)

### Upcoming Work

* No lab writeup today (no matter what it says online).
* Reading for Tuesday:
    * [Conditionals](../readings/conditionals-reading.html)

### Fun Things with no Extra Credit Value

* GHS Homecoming Parade Thursday at 5:30 pm.  (Small town Iowa homecoming
  is a fascinating experience.)
* Friends of Drake Library Book Sale, Friday night and Saturday.  At
  about 11 am on Saturday, you can get a box of books for a buck.  
  (Earlier, it's 50 cents for paperbacks and $1 for hardcovers.)

### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic

* Campus Town Hall Tuesday at noon or 7:30 p.m.
* CS extras next Thursday: Alumni
* CS table Friday: Serendipity and Computing (with Grinnell's Artist 
  in Residence)
* Grinnell Prize events the following week (particularly events related
  to the prize winners whose project involves Web tools)

#### Peer Support

* Anna Christie, Oct. 9-12 (SB plays Marthy)
* Football (???)
* Men's Tennis (???)
* Women's Tennis (???)
* Swimming (???)
* Evan's radio show 5pm Friday nights on KDIC
* Donna's radio show Sunday midnight on KDIC

#### Miscellaneous

* Participate in #GrinWell.
  <http://www.grinnell.edu/forms/sign-grinwell-presidents-wellness-challenge>
* Friends of Drake Library needs help setting up for their annual booksale
  on Thursday, October 2 (conveniently, the same night as Grinnell High
  School's homecoming parade).  You can help a good cause and probably get
  a few free books, too.
    * Update: They can also use help on Wednesday, October 1.
