* New Partners!
* I've been reflecting a bit on the "vocabulary" you need for our quizzes.
  On one hand, I think you do much better if you memorize what the procedures
  are and what they do.  On the other, I know that such memorization can be
  quite difficult.  Hence, as an experiment on this Friday's quiz, I will 
  allow you to bring one page of notes to the quiz.  (8.5x11 or A4,
  double sided, hand written)
* Office hours (modified due to meetings): 
    * Wednesday 8:00-9:45
    * Thursday 8:00-9:45, 2:30-3:15
    * Friday 1:45-3:15 (also Walking hours 1:15-1:45)
* Review sessions Wednesday and Thursday night at 8 p.m.
* Let me know by 5pm today if you want to work alone on the next HW.
* I've had a student indicate that they will not be able to start HW 5
  until late Sunday afternoon and that they want partners for the HW.
    * Please fill out HW 5 partners form: <http://bit.ly/151-2014F-partners5>
* To provide you with incentive to take your own notes on each topic we
  cover: If you send me a summary of what you think are the important
  takeaways from any reading/lab combination, I will comment on your summary.

### Upcoming Work

* [HW 4](../assignments/assignment.04.html) due tonight.
* HW 5 to be assigned tomorrow.
* Lab writeup: Conditionals, 3c and 4d <http://bit.ly/151-2014F-w19>
* Reading for Wednesday
    * [Anonymous Procedures](../readings/anonymous-procedures-reading.html)

### Fun Things with no Extra Credit Value

* GHS Homecoming Parade Thursday at 5:30 pm.  (Small town Iowa homecoming
  is a fascinating experience.)
* Friends of Drake Library Book Sale, Friday night and Saturday.  At
  about 11 am on Saturday, you can get a box of books for a buck.  
  (Earlier, it's 50 cents for paperbacks and $1 for hardcovers.)

### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic

* Campus Town Hall Tuesday at noon or 7:30 p.m.
* CS extras next Thursday: Alumni
* CS table Friday: Serendipity and Computing (with Grinnell's Artist 
  in Residence)
* Grinnell Prize events the following week (particularly events related
  to the prize winners whose project involves Web tools)

#### Peer Support

* Anna Christie, Oct. 9-12 (SB plays Marthy)
* Football (???)
* Men's Tennis (???)
* Women's Tennis (???)
* Swimming (???)
* Evan's radio show 5pm Friday nights on KDIC
* Donna's radio show Sunday midnight on KDIC

#### Miscellaneous

