* Retain partners!
* When you send questions on homework, please carbon-copy your partner.
* Review sessions Thursday night and Thursday day.
* Office hours today at 10:00 a.m. and 2:45-3:30 p.m.  Office hours
  Wednesday at 10:00 a.m.
    * I am trying to make office hours available for any time that I
      am not booked with other activities.  You will see more appear
      as time goes on.
    * <http://rebelsky.youcanbook.me>
* I have a few people who won't be able to work on the assignment until
  Sunday night at the earliest.  Does anyone want to partner with them?
  (Is anyone one of them?) If so, send me an email message.

### Upcoming Work

* [Homework 5](../assignments/assignment.05.html).
    * Due TONIGHT at 10:30 p.m.
* Homework 6 to be assigned tomorrow.
* Exam 2 to be assigned in a week.
* Lab writeup for today: 
  <http://bit.ly/151-2015S-lab21>
* Reading for Wednesday
    * [Images as Functions](../readings/iterate-positions-reading.html)

### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic 

* Pioneer Diversity Council Diversity Dialogue, 8:30 p.m. 26th, Main Quad
  "Academic Athletes and Academic Students".  
* CS Table Friday - Art, CS, and Artificial Intelligence.

#### Peer Support (Morning Section)

* Julia's radio show, "The Hot Box".  Wednesday night/Thursday morning 
  1:00-2:00 a.m.  
* Host a prospie.
* Indoor Track this Saturday
* Neverland Players Friday and Saturday at 7:30, Sunday at 1:30 and 7:30
* Nobody Gets Hurt, a show with an audience of one.  Info on trying to
  get one of the tickets is on the posters.

#### Peer Support (Afternoon Section)

* Indoor Track this Saturday

### Other Good Things

* Neverland Players this weekend.
