* Continue partners
* Office hours 
    * Normal (MThF 1:45-3:15; walking 1:15-1:45) 
    * In the Grill 8:00-9:30 am Fri
    * In my office 8:00-9:30 am Tue and Thu
* Evening review sessions tonight at 8pm and Thursday at 8pm
* Daytime review session Thursday at 10:00 a.m.

### Topics for Friday's Quiz

_My quiz policies will continue through this week.  You may bring a
page of notes.  You will not have a time limit, although I will encourage
you to try to finish in ten minutes._

* Lists, particularly `cons`, `car`, `cdr`, and `null?`
    * We might ask you to write instructions to build a list.
    * We might give you some instructions and ask yo to interpret them.
    * We might challenge you to think about lists and non-lists 
      (issues raised by the now-renamed `one-two`, `won-too`, and `want-to`)
* `image-compute!`
    * We might ask you to interpret some code. ("Sketch the image that
      this code creates ...")
    * We might ask you to write instructions to create a particular
      image (given verbally or pictorially).
    * We might do a hybrid ("Fill in the blanks to achieve ...")
* Local bindings with `let` and `let*`
    * The relationship(s) between the two
    * Ordering of `let` and `lambda`
* Any previous topics are also fair game, although they will probably 
  be incorporated in the previous kinds of problems.
    * We might ask for an anonymous procedure
    * We might have problems that require conditionals
    * We might combine the earlier list procedures with the newer ones
    * ...

### Upcoming Work

* No writeup today!  (There will be a writeup on this lab, but it will be
  assigned Friday.)
* [Exam 2](../assignments/exam.02.html)
* Reading for Friday:
    * Reread [Recursion Basics](../readings/recursion-basics-reading.html)

### Cool Things Coming to Campus

* Two versions of _Anna Christie_!
* Live Streaming of Verdi's _Macbeth_, Saturday at 11:55 a.m.
* Pop-up Exhibit, Thursday October 9th, all day in BCA 132

### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic

* Grinnell Prize events this week (particularly events related
  to the prize winners whose project involves Web tools)
* Artist Talk, Wednesday October 8th at 4:15pm in BCA 152
  Rewriting the Application Programming Interface (API) for Art Making
* BCC Faculty Chat, Tuesday, October 14, 7pm

#### Peer Support

* Football (Saturday at 1pm)
* Swimming October 18: Alumni Weekend
* Karan's radio show 11pm Thursday nights on KDIC
* Evan's radio show 5pm Friday nights on KDIC
* Donna's radio show Sunday midnight on KDIC
* The College's version of _Anna Christie_, Oct. 9-12 (SB plays Marthy)
* Men's Tennis (???)
* Women's Tennis (???)

#### Misc

* Fill in the GC External Web Survey at <http://bit.ly/1ncPO5V>
