* Sam partners
    * BW and partner should switch places to the space by the door.
* Office hours today and next week
    * Normal (MThF 1:45-3:15; walking 1:15-1:45) 
* Some good comments on doing well on the exam (from exam 1 epilogues and exam 2 prologues)
    * Split up the work more evenly.
    * Check over the work before submitting.
    * Divide into small sections so I'm more likely to get work done, so it doesn't look so intimidating.
    * Once stuck, move on and come back later
    * Refer back to notes and readings makes it easier.
    * Read all of the question (I didn't do that last time and missed a part).
    * If I find myself particularly stuck on a certain problem, I should move on or take a break. I found that trying to work for too long on a frustrating part just led to more frustration and less clarity.  
    * Look at Sam's notes on exam 1 for ideas.
    * Don't freak out when something isn't working.  Often, it's just a paren
      of syntax issue, and you can ask Sam about those.
    * It isn't something I should do differently, but I found that doing the problems in my own order (e.g., I started with 7) made the test seem less daunting and working through the problems I was most comfortable with first gave me a little boost of confidence that I needed to do the more challenging problems.
    * Look at the topics of each problem as they often contain hints as to how to approach the problem.
* Reminder: I put useful information in the "CSC 151.01" emails.  Please read them (or at least skim them)

### Upcoming Work

* Writeup: Problems 4 and 5 (due Monday): <http://bit.ly/151-2014F-w25>
* [Exam 2](../assignments/exam.02.html) due Tuesday.
* Reading for Monday:
    * [Recursion with Helper Procedures](../readings/helper-recursion-reading.html)

### Cool Things Coming to Campus

* Two versions of _Anna Christie_!
* Live Streaming of Verdi's _Macbeth_, Saturday at 11:55 a.m.

### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic

* BCC Faculty Chat, Tuesday, October 14, 7pm

#### Peer Support

* Football (Saturday at 1pm)
* Swimming October 18: Alumni Weekend
* Karan's radio show 11pm Thursday nights on KDIC
* Evan's radio show 5pm Friday nights on KDIC
* Donna's radio show Sunday midnight on KDIC
* The College's version of _Anna Christie_, Oct. 9-12 (SB plays Marthy)
* Men's Tennis (???)
* Women's Tennis (???)
