* New partners!
* Friday the 13th falls on Friday this week.  Be careful!
* I received email from one of you that said (approximately): "I was barely 
  scraping by in my plan to complete the exam and everything else that I 
  have to do this week, and then ..."
    * My goal is not to push you to the edge; my goal is to support you
      in learning and to push what you are able to do.
    * If you are in the first situation, talk to me.  I'd rather see
      representative work.  I'd also rather limit your stress level.
* Office hours again next week.  Mostly normal (MTWF 10:00 plus assorted
  others).
    * <http://rebelsky.youcanbook.me>

### Upcoming Work

* [Exam 2](../assignments/exam.02.html).
    * Electronic version due 10:30 p.m. Thursday the 12th.
    * Epilogue due 11:00 p.m. on Thursday the 12th.
    * Printed version due start of class on Friday the 13th.
* Reading for Tuesday: 
    * Review [Recursion with Helper Procedures](../readings/helper-recursion-reading.html)

### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic 

* CS Table Friday - Read cartoons!
* Town Hall on Town Halls, noon or 7:30 p.m. on March 11.
* Post-break: April 1 Scholars Convocation on Implicit Bias.

#### Peer Support (Morning Section)

* Julia's radio show, "The Hot Box".  Wednesday night/Thursday morning 
  1:00-2:00 a.m.  

#### Peer Support (Afternoon Section)

* Belly Dancing Club Wednesday, 7-8 p.m. in Bucksbaum Dance Studio
* Men's Tennis Saturday at 9:00 and 4:30 in the Bear Field House.

#### Miscellaneous (Extra Credit)

* Fill out the American College Health Association's National College Health
  Assessment survey.  (Yes, your response can be "I filled out the survey.")
  Almost all of the class has filled out the survey.  Let's reach 100%!
  TODAY IS THE LAST DAY!

### Other Good Things (No Extra Credit)

### Assorted Exam Notes and Questions

_I know I can't ask you a direct question about the exam, but could you
 answer the following?_

> You *can* ask me a direct question about the exam.  I may not answer it,
  or a I may answer it obliquely.  But you are certainly permitted to ask.

_Any hints?_

> I've added hints to a few problems in which people asked for hints,
  particularly the one on speeding up code.  You will also find it useful
  to look more deeply at the Q and A section of the exam, because the 
  questions people ask can provide hints.

_Have two people spent at least four hours on the exam or completed the exam?_

> Yes.  That's among the reasons that there are now only seven problems.

_Q (from Sam): What do you expect to get from the expression `(> x (and y z))`?
 (I think this is intended to mean "if x is greater than both y and z".)
 I find it useful to think about concrete values: What is `(> 3 (and 1 5))`?_

> A (from "volunteer"): 

