* New partners!
* Welcome back.  I hope you had a wonderful break!
* Congratulations to our own BM for an interesting writeup:
  <http://www.grinnell.edu/news/attitude-gratitude>
* A correction on my interpretation of College policies on academic
  honesty: I told you that if you don't turn in work, then you cannot
  be charged for academic dishonesty on that work.  While the chair of
  the CAS subcommittee on academic dishonesty agreed with me that it was
  appropriate to tell you that for my take-home exams, the dean who serves
  on that committee told me that that policy does not always apply.  So
  don't count on it.  (I don't expect that you will ever need to count on
  that rule, but I don't want to mislead you if you find that you want to.)
* HW 6: If you want to work by yourself or with a particular person, please
  let me know by 10 pm tonight using <http://bit.ly/151-2014F-partners6>.
  Otherwise, I will assign you a randomly selected partner.

### Work Returned

* HW 5 returned via email.
    * Folks aren't documenting.
    * But I haven't been reminding you to document.
    * You should plan to document on HW 6.
* Quiz 7 returned.
    * Each db pic has a number.  The images were arranged by number.
    * Whenever we hit a bad design in gigls and someone asks why it's not
      fixed, my standard answer is "I'm lazy".
* Exam 2 to be returned at the end of class.
    * If you needed to invoke "There's more than life", please sign up 
      for an appointment.  (Read through the notes on the exam before
      meeting with me.)

### Upcoming Work

* Lab writeup: Problems 3h and 4 <http://bit.ly/151-2014F-w30>
* Reading for tomorrow.
    * [Local Procedure Bindings](../readings/letrec-reading.html)
* Homework 6 (to be assigned on Wednesday), due a week from Tuesday.
* Exam 3, distributed a week from Wednesday, due two weeks from Tuesday.

### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic

* CS Extra Thursday: Randomness in Computer Science.

#### Peer Support

* Football (Saturday at 1pm)
* Karan's radio show 11pm Thursday nights on KDIC
* Evan's radio show 5pm Friday nights on KDIC
* Donna's radio show Sunday midnight on KDIC

### On Meeting with SamR

Some of you meet with me regularly.  Some of you just asked for help on the
exam.  Some of you don't meet with me at all.  I hear from our upper-level
students that meeting with me was helpful when they were in 151.  

* So, I'm going to leave the room for five minutes and let you talk to each 
  other about asking me for help in person or via email.  
* You can also make a list of things that I can do better in meeting with
  students or responding to email, other than magically finding time for
  more office hours (or to clean my office).

