* Continue partners.
* Still some pre-lab stuff this week.
* Review sessions this week
    * Wednesday 8pm (Caleb)
    * Thursday 10am (SamR)
    * Thursday 8pm (Erin)
* If you don't finish a lab or lab writeup in class, you do not need to 
  finish lab writeups with your partners (but it's nice to try to do so).

### Upcoming Work

* Reading for Wednesday:
  [Naming Local Procedures](../readings/letrec-reading.html) 
* Quiz Friday: Recursion, Recursion, and more Recursion
* [HW 6](../assignments/assignment.06.html) is ready.
    * We'll look at a few issues.
    * Pick your own partners (or work alone)!
* Today's Lab writeup (due before class Friday)
    * Email to <grader-151-01@cs.grinnell.edu> 
    * Subject: _CSC 151 Lab Writeup Class 31 (Your Names)_
    * Exercises:

### Extra Credit Opportunities

* If possible, send me these in advance.

#### Academic

* Any visit to the current show in the Faulconer gallery.
* Any of the Grinnell Prize Week Activities this week.
* CS Table Tuesday: Hear about the Grace Hopper Celebration of Women 
  in Computing.
* Grinnell Town Hall Wednesday at noon: Self-Gov.
* *Conversation about Study Abroad at AIT in Hungary: 
  Wednesday at 4:15 in 3821.*
* Convocation Thursday at 11: Contesting Muhammad: Contermporary Controversies
  in Historical Perspective
* CS Extras Thursday at 4:15pm in 3821: Algorithms for Assembling the Tree
  of Life.
* What's the Deal with the Digital Liberal Arts?  Thursday at 4:15 in
  the D-Lab.  With Autumnal snacks!
* Sexual Misconduct at Grinnell College: Results from the 2013 and 2015 
  Sexual Conduct Surveys.  1-3 pm, November 8, JRC 101.
* R.L. Stephens II events Thursday and Friday.

#### Peer Support

* YZ on "Rainbow Ramsey Theory" Tuesday at 11 a.m. 2517.
* Thursday at 7pm, Womens BBall (scrimmage)
* Spark Tank, Wednesday, 7pm in Roberts Theatre in Bucksbaum.
* Pals of PALS, pals@grinnell.edu, normally Saturday at 7:45 am (breakfast
  included), Sunday at 4:45, and Mondays at 4:45.  Requires sign up in 
  advance.  
* Pun Club, Saturdays, 4pm, Way over Younker.

#### Upcoming Peer Support

* Women's Basketball Opening Game, 1pm, Nov. 15, vs. Silver Lake.
* One-act Festival Dec. 5 & 6.

### Good Things to Do, No EC

* 8:30 p.m. tonight in Loose Lounge: Campus Conversation on Healthy and
  Unhealthy Relationship Dynamics
