* New partners.
* More stuff before lab today
* Review sessions this week
    * Wednesday 8pm (Caleb)
    * Thursday 10am (SamR)
    * Thursday 8pm (Erin)
* [Notes on lab 30](../handouts/writeup.30.html) are now available.

### Upcoming Work

* Reading for Friday:
  [Turtle Graphics](../readings/turtle-graphics-reading.html) 
* Quiz Friday: Recursion, Recursion, and more Recursion
* [HW 6](../assignments/assignment.06.html) due next Tuesday.
    * May be a few bugs in part A.
* Today's Lab writeup (due before class Monday)
    * Email to <grader-151-01@cs.grinnell.edu> 
    * Subject: _CSC 151 Lab Writeup Class 32 (Your Names)_
    * Exercises:

### Extra Credit Opportunities

* If possible, send me these in advance.

#### Academic

* Any visit to the current show in the Faulconer gallery.
* Any of the Grinnell Prize Week Activities this week.
* Grinnell Town Hall Wednesday at noon: Self-Gov.
* **Conversation about Study Abroad at AIT in Hungary: 
  Wednesday at 4:15 in 3821.**
* Convocation Thursday at 11: Contesting Muhammad: Contermporary Controversies
  in Historical Perspective
* CS Extras Thursday at 4:15pm in 3821: Algorithms for Assembling the Tree
  of Life.
* What's the Deal with the Digital Liberal Arts?  Thursday at 4:15 in
  the D-Lab.  With Autumnal snacks!
* R.L. Stephens II events Thursday and Friday.
* **Expressing Yourself Inside and Outside the Classroom: A Faculty Panel.
  Friday, noon, JRC 209. (With Prof. Katya, SamR, Prof. Praitis,
  Prof. Willig Onwuachi, and Prof. Byrd)**
* CS Table Tuesday: Why people support and bully online.
* Sexual Misconduct at Grinnell College: Results from the 2013 and 2015 
  Sexual Conduct Surveys.  1-3 pm, November 8, JRC 101.

#### Peer Support

* Thursday at 7pm, Womens BBall (scrimmage vs MCC)
* Spark Tank, Wednesday, 7pm in Roberts Theatre in Bucksbaum.
* Pals of PALS, pals@grinnell.edu, normally Saturday at 7:45 am (breakfast
  included), Sunday at 4:45, and Mondays at 4:45.  Requires sign up in 
  advance.  
* Pun Club, Saturdays, 4pm, Way over Younker.

#### Upcoming Peer Support

* Women's Basketball Opening Game, 1pm, Nov. 15, vs. Silver Lake.
* One-act Festival Dec. 5 & 6.

### Other Good Stuff to Do

* Women's Soccer Saturday
* Men's Soccer Saturday
* Halloween event Saturday
