* New partners!
* It's Friday.  Please consider what things you would and would not like
  to do this weekend, and do not feel pressure to behave differently.
  If you choose to partake, please partake responsibly.
* Preregistration starts next week.  Those of you who find that you are 
  enjoying 151 (or at least some aspects of CS) might consider taking 
  another course.  Those of you who are particularly committed to CS
  might want to consider more than one course.  
    * CSC 161 is the normal next course in our introductory sequence.
      It takes a much more imperative approach to programming (like the
      ! procedures we've been working with) and uses robots as one of
      the problem domains.  It's taught in a similar format to 151 (readings
      and labs), although there are also differences (e.g., in-class exams).
    * Those of you who are really enjoying the kinds of thinking we do for
      recursion might enjoy MAT/CSC 208, Discrete Structures, which explores
      the kinds of math relevant to CS.
    * If you're interested in the ways in which you build technologies
      that people can use, you might be interested in PSY/TEC/CSC 232,
      Human-Computer Interaction (2 credits).
    * If you have strong math skills (at least Linear), you can also
      consider CSC 262, Computer Vision.  In that course, we explore
      how you take the grids of pixels we think about in 151 and extract
      data from them.
* Since we're having a quiz today, we'll do questions on the reading
  before the quiz and start the lab immediately after the quiz.

### Upcoming Work

* Lab writeup: Extra 1 (due Monday): <http://bit.ly/151-2014F-w33>
* Reading for Monday:
  [Iteration](../readings/iteration-reading.html)
* [Homework 6](../assignments/assignment.06.html), due Tuesday.
* Exam 3, distributed this coming Wednesday, due the following Tuesday.

### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic

* CS Extra Next Thursday: Study-Abroad Opportunities with a CS Component

#### Peer Support

* Noteworthy is going to be performing at 9:00 PM at Herrick Chapel tonight (Friday the 31st).
* Swimming scrimmage 9am on Saturday
* Football (Saturday at 1pm)
* Karan's radio show 11pm Thursday nights on KDIC
* Evan's radio show 5pm Friday nights on KDIC
* Donna's radio show Sunday midnight on KDIC
