* Continue partners.
* I am supposed to remind you that Friday is the Withdraw deadline.
* There are still flu vaccines left at SHACS.  
* Exam 2 returned.
    * While you may certainly discuss answers with your colleagues, please
      do not share your grade with colleagues.
* Exam 2 answer key forthcoming asap.  (Still some delays due to a variety
  of issues.)
* Review sessions this week:
    * Wednesday, 8pm (Caleb)
    * Thursday, 10am (SamR)
    * Thursday, 8pm (Erin)

### Upcoming Work

* Reading for Wednesday:
  [Geometric Art](../readings/geometric-art-reading.html).
* [HW 6](../assignments/assignment.06.html) due TONIGHT!
* [Exam 3](../exams/exam.03.html) distributed in draft form.
    * No corrections until after class on Wednesday.
    * The code file is not yet ready.
* Today's Lab writeup (due before class Wednesday)
    * Email to <grader-151-01@cs.grinnell.edu> 
    * Subject: _CSC 151 Lab Writeup Class 35 (Your Names)_
    * Exercises:

### Extra Credit Opportunities

* If possible, send me these in advance.

#### Academic

* Any visit to the current show in the Faulconer gallery.
* Learning Deconstructed Workshop Series, Tuesdays at 11 in JRC 209.
* *Any activity with Visiting Musician and Sound Artist Ellen Fullman.*
  (Yes, that includes Drinks @ Lonnski's on Thursday.)
* CS Table Tuesday: Why people support and bully online.
* *CS Extras Thursday: Bluetooth, Robots, and CS 161.*
* Sexual Misconduct at Grinnell College: Results from the 2013 and 2015 
  Sexual Conduct Surveys.  1-3 pm, November 8, JRC 101.

#### Peer Support

#### Regular Peer Support

* Pals of PALS, pals@grinnell.edu, normally Saturday at 7:45 am (breakfast
  included), Sunday at 4:45, and Mondays at 4:45.  Requires sign up in 
  advance.  
* Socrates Cafe', Saturdays, Younker, 2pm.
* Pun Club, Saturdays, 4pm, Way over Younker.

#### Upcoming Peer Support

* November 14, Orchestra Concert, Sebring Lewis, 7:30 p.m.
* Women's Basketball Opening Game, 1pm, Nov. 15, vs. Silver Lake.
* One-act Festival Dec. 5 & 6.

### Other Good Stuff to Do

* VOTE today
