* New partners!
* Exam 2 answer key distributed last night.
* Review sessions this week:
    * Wednesday, 8pm (Caleb)
    * Thursday, 10am (SamR)
    * Thursday, 8pm (Erin)
* Why don't you use the evening tutors?

### Upcoming Work

* Reading for Friday: 
  [Pairs and Pair Structures](../readings/pairs-reading.html)
* [Exam 3](../exams/exam.03.html) distributed for real
* Quiz 9 on Friday.
    * Named let and letrec.
    * Turtles.
    * Iteration: `repeat` and `for-each`.
* Today's Lab writeup (due before class Monday)
    * Email to <grader-151-01@cs.grinnell.edu> 
    * Subject: _CSC 151 Lab Writeup Class 36 (Your Names)_
    * Exercises:

### Extra Credit Opportunities

* If possible, send me these in advance.

#### Academic

* Any visit to the current show in the Faulconer gallery.
* Learning Deconstructed Workshop Series, Tuesdays at 11 in JRC 209.
* Any activity with Visiting Musician and Sound Artist Ellen Fullman.
  (Yes, that includes Drinks @ Lonnski's on Thursday.)
* *Convocation Thursday: The US Labor Market is a Mess.*
* CS Extras Thursday: Bluetooth, Robots, and CS 161.
* Sexual Misconduct at Grinnell College: Results from the 2013 and 2015 
  Sexual Conduct Surveys.  1-3 pm, November 8, JRC 101.
* *CS Table next Tuesday.*

#### Peer Support

* Is anyone cooking for ISO Food Bazaar?

#### Regular Peer Support

* Pals of PALS, pals@grinnell.edu, normally Saturday at 7:45 am (breakfast
  included), Sunday at 4:45, and Mondays at 4:45.  Requires sign up in 
  advance.  
* Socrates Cafe', Saturdays, Younker, 2pm.
* Pun Club, Saturdays, 4pm, Way over Younker.

#### Upcoming Peer Support

* November 14, Orchestra Concert, Sebring Lewis, 7:30 p.m.
* Women's Basketball Opening Game, 1 pm, Nov. 15, vs. Silver Lake.
* One-act Festival Dec. 5 & 6.
