* Continue partners.  (Those who weren't here on Wednesday can partner.)
* Extended/modified office hours continue this week and next.
* Welcome to any class visitors!

### Upcoming Work

* Lab writeup: Exercise 5: <http://bit.ly/151-2014F-w37>
* Readings for Monday: 
    * [Design Elements](../readings/design-elements.html)
    * [About the Project](../assignments.project.html)
* [Exam 3](../assignments/exam.03.html) due Tuesday
    * *Required* prologue due **tonight**!
      <http://bit.ly/151-2014F-exam3pro>
    * *Required* epilogue due next Wednesday night.
      <http://bit.ly/151-2014F-exam3epi>

### Cool Upcoming Events on Campus 

* Peace studies talk Monday Nov. 10 at 4:15 p.m. in JRC 101 
  "With All the World’s Violence, Where is Peace?"

### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic

* CS Table TODAY: Open Data.  
  12:10-12:50, Day PDR.
  (Readings available in the back of the room.)
* Scholars' Convocation, noon, Nov. 12: Dean Latham.
  In fall 2015, Convo returns to its proper time of 11 a.m. Thursday.

#### Peer Support

* Karan's radio show 11pm Thursday nights on KDIC
* Evan's radio show 5pm Friday nights on KDIC
* Donna's radio show Sunday midnight on KDIC
* The gaming club is hosting a Smash Brothers tournament on Saturday
  (Loose at 11am ...) 
* Swimming on Saturday (1pm) against Luther.

### Exam Notes

_Are there some questions and answers in [yesterday's eboard](../eboards/extra.09.html)?_

> Yes.  I've also copied some of them into the exam.

_What interesting questions have you seen in the prologue?_

> Amazingly, most of the people who have responded to the prologue included
  "start early" in their list of approaches.

> Someone asked how many different tests I wrote for problem 2.  My "first
  pass" set of tests explored eleven different issues, including two 
  kinds of preconditions that might be checked.

> Many of you seem overly enamored of `append`, particularly for problem
  1.  If you are only adding one element to the front of a list, you
  should probably use `cons`.

> I'm trying to figure out what `char-drypot` is.  Maybe auto-correct.

> I appreciate that at least one of you noted that for both problems 5 and
  problem 6, you were likely to lose a lot of points if you failed to get
  the turtle back to the original position and orientation.

_Should I use direct or helper recursion for problem 1?_

> It strikes me that direct recursion is better.  I forgot to mention it
  on Wednesday, but if you're building a new list, and you want the elements
  mostly in the same order, direct recursion is often the way to go.

_Can we see pictures for problem 8?_

> Done.
