* No partners!
* Extended/modified office hours continue this week.
* Due to oral examinations in my other class, I was unable to get the
  quizzes graded.  I hope to have them done for Tuesday.

### Upcoming Work

* No lab writeup.
* Readings for Tuesday:
    * [Project Ideas](../readings/project-ideas-reading.html)
    * [Project Ideas: Color Trees, Revisited](../readings/project-color-trees-reading.html)
    * [Project Ideas: Fractals](../readings/project-fractals-reading.html)
* [Exam 3](../assignments/exam.03.html) due Tuesday
    * *Required* epilogue due Wednesday night.
      <http://bit.ly/151-2014F-exam3epi>

### Cool Upcoming Events on Campus 

* Peace studies talk today at 4:15 in JRC 101.
  "With All the World’s Violence, Where is Peace?"

### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic

* Scholars' Convocation, noon, Nov. 12: Dean Latham.

#### Peer Support

* Karan's radio show 11pm Thursday nights on KDIC
* Evan's radio show 5pm Friday nights on KDIC
* Donna's radio show Sunday midnight on KDIC

### Exam Notes

_On the exam, should we have *all* of our procedures check preconditions?  
 E.g., should `str-rot13` check that `str` is a string containing only 
 capital letters, or should 'shift-up' check that its input is an integer 
 between 0 and 25, etc.?_

> `str-rot13` should check its preconditions.  The problem 2 procedures
  need not check their preconditions.  On the others, it's somewhat up
  to you.

_Does the procedure in problem 7 do anything sensible? It just seems like 
 it has a lot of `let` expressions that define variables as the null list._

> Yes, it does something sensible.  The one `let` expression you see seems
  to be a named let.

_Can I solve problem 3 using 65 as the collating sequence number for #\A?_

> No.  You may not hard-code the 65.  But that doesn't mean that you can't
  write concise and general code that will work equally well if the
  collating-sequence number for `\A` is 65, or 200, or 11, or whatever..

> You know that `(shift-down (char->integer #\A))` has to be 0, 
  `(shift-down (char->integer #\B))` has to be 1, and so on and so forth.

> You also know that the letters are in sequence.  So the collating sequence 
  number for `#\B` is one higher than the collating sequence number for
  `#\A`, the collating sequence number for `#C` is one higher than the
  collating sequence number for `#B`, and so on and so forth.
