* Continue partners.
* I've brought copies of "Visual Modeling with Logo" for you to look at.
  It's one of my favorite examples of the kinds of things you can do with
  turtle graphics.  You can borrow a copy if you'd like, but please be
  careful with the copy (the book is out of print and expensive to replace).
* It's Friday.  It's time for another PSA.

### Upcoming Work

* Lab writeup: Exercise 4c, <http://bit.ly/151-2014F-w41>
* Reading for Monday:
    * [Design Patterns and Higher-Order Procedures](../readings/hop-reading.html)
    * Learn how to write `map` and `all`.
    * One of the parts of 151 that the faculty find most important (and
      elegant)
    * One of the points at which people who have previously programmed
      in another language really get it that Scheme is different.
* Part one of the project due Monday night.
    * Sketches due in class on Tuesday.

### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic

* CS Table Today: Shellshock
* CS Extras Next Week: Weinmaniacs on Text Recognition in Maps
* CS Table next Friday: ???
* CS Extras Tuesday the 25th: Summer Opportunities in CS

#### Peer Support

* Football, Saturday at noon vs. Lawrence.
* Karan's radio show 11pm Thursday nights on KDIC
* Evan's radio show 5pm Friday nights on KDIC (TODAY!)
* Donna's radio show Sunday midnight on KDIC
* One acts, coming soon

#### Miscellaneous

* VP Student Affairs Candidate Open Sessions
    * Today, 4:15, JRC 209
    * Wednesday, 4:15, JRC 209
    * Friday next, 4:15, JRC 209
