* New partners!
* Congratulations to MN!  (No, not to EG's home state.)
* A moment of silence for the peoples of Beirut and Paris, and to the
  many others who will be affected by the events there and the responses
  to those events.
* Exams returned at the end of class.
* Review sessions this week:
    * Monday, 8pm (Zachary)
    * Wednesday, 8pm (Caleb)
    * Thursday, 10am (SamR)
    * Thursday, 8pm (Erin)

### Upcoming Work

* Project Proposal: TONIGHT at 10:30 p.m.
* Project Pictures: Tuesday at 10:00 a.m.
* Projects: Next Tuesday at 10:00 a.m.
* Reading for Tuesday:
  [Higher-Order Procedures](../readings/hop-reading.html)
* Today's Lab writeup (due before class Wednesday)
    * Email to <grader-151-01@cs.grinnell.edu> 
    * Subject: _CSC 151 Lab Writeup Class 42 (Your Names)_
    * Exercises:

### Extra Credit Opportunities

* If possible, send me these in advance.

#### Academic

* Any visit to the current show in the Faulconer gallery.
* Learning Deconstructed Workshop Series, Tuesdays at 11 in JRC 209.
* CS Table Tuesday: Social Media and Emergency Response
* *Scholars' Convocation Thursday: Cosmic Secrets: Soviet Space Exploration,
  Censorship, and the Cold War*.
* *Metropolitan Opera Simulcast, November 21, 11:30 a.m. Lulu by Berg, 
  Harris Cinema*.

#### Peer Support

* *Translations (a play).  7:30 p.m. Thursday through Saturday,
  2:00 p.m. Sunday.  Tickets at the Box Office*.
* Do we have any swimmers or members of the Latin-American Ensemble?

#### Regular Peer Support

* Pals of PALS, pals@grinnell.edu, normally Saturday at 7:45 am (breakfast
  included; felines only), and Mondays at 4:45.  Requires sign up in 
  advance.    MORE HELP NEEDED!
* Socrates Cafe', Saturdays, Younker, 2pm.
* Pun Club, Saturdays, 4pm, Way over Younker.

#### Upcoming Peer Support

* Women's Basketball vs. Beloit, Nov. 28 at 3:00 p.m.
* Women's Basketball vs. St. Norbert, Dec. 5 at 3:00 p.m.
* One-act Festival Dec. 5 & 6.
* Women's Basketball vs. Carroll, Dec. 12 at 3:00 p.m.
