* New partners!
* Welcome prospectives!
* Review session tonight at 8pm.
* Lots of office hours this week.  
    * Check <http://rebelsky.youcanbook.me>
    * 3:15-4:00 is available today, but not appearing.
      Email me to reserve today's afternoon times.
* Tomorrow is planned as a pseudo-Socratic session.
  Please make sure to do the reading.
* YY is a social issue, not a technological one.  It needs social
  solutions.  I reiterate: Please work with your peers to improve 
  how we treat each other.

### Grading

* Quiz 10 returned. 
    * I will not go over this in class.
* Exam 3 returned.
    * More notes later.
* Grade sheets emailed last night.

### Upcoming Work

* Project proposals due tonight.
* Project images due tomorrow.
* Lab writeup: 
  <http://bit.ly/151-2015S-lab44>
* Reading for Tuesday:
  [Search Algorithms](../readings/searching-reading.html)

### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic 

* Convocation April 22nd, Erica Lehrer '92 (Post-Conflict Memory, Ethnography)
* CS Talks Wednesday: 

#### Peer Support (Morning Section)

* KY's radio show, "We Think We're Funny", 9-10pm Mondays.
* Julia's radio show, "The Hot Box".  Wednesday night/Thursday 
  morning 1:00-2:00 a.m.  

#### Peer Support (Afternoon Section)

* Contra Dance April 24 in Main Hall.
* Financial Literacy workshop Monday night 7-8 in JRC 226.

#### Miscellaneous

* Town hall April 23, noon or 7:30 pm, "How we have conversations."

### Other Good Things (no extra credit)

* Contra Dance April 24 in Main Hall.

### Quick Notes on Exam 3

* Notes distributed via email at the start of class.
* I am sorry that I had to send mail about another academic 
  honesty issue.  My goal (and I think the College's) is 
  primarily education, not punishment.
* To invoke "There's More to Life", 
    * You need to meet with me within the next week.
    * You need to have read the notes on the exam (at least the
      introductory notes and the sample solutions) before 
      meeting with me.
    * You need to bring your exam to the meeting with me.
    * You should have recorded your times.

### Project Tips

I've added a variety of project tips that I thought we'd look at
quickly.  More to come.

* Making turtles faster.
* Playing with selections.
* Rainbows. (More to come.)
* Recoloring a turtle's drawing.  (Needs improvement.)
* Selecting a polygon.
