* New partners!
* My computer is in the shop, which puts me even further behind.  I probably
  won't get you comments on phase 1 of the project, which means that I'll be
  a little more generous than normal in grading phase 2.  Apologies.

### Upcoming Work

* No reading for tomorrow.
* Part two of the project due tomorrow.

### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic

* TEC Extras tommorrow at 4:15 in Burling: Emma Lange on UI/UX on
  the Libraries' Web Sites
* CS Extras Thursday the 4th: Summer Opportunities in CS
    * Rescheduled from tomorow

#### Peer Support

* Karan's radio show 11pm Thursday nights on KDIC
* Evan's radio show 5pm Friday nights on KDIC 
* Donna's radio show Sunday midnight on KDIC
* Noteworthy, coming soon
* One acts, coming soon

### Project Questions

_We're drawing/selecting polygons with turtles.  We realize that in order 
 to get it to scale we would have to change the angels of our polygons
 so that they would no longer follow the (/ 360 sides) formula.  What
 should we do?_

> Note that you would also have to change the length of each side.  But
  both figuring out the angles and figuring out the side length is not
  reasonable.  Hence, I am comfortable as long as your scaling works
  within the same aspect ratio, even if it does not work with different
  aspect ratios.  (E.g., if the image goes from 100x100 to 200x200 or
  from 100x200 to 200x400, the turtle portions should scale correctly,
  but if it goes from 100x100 to 200x100 or 100x200, then the turtle
  portions do not need to scale correctly.)  I'd recommend that you
  base your side length on either the minimum, maximum, or average of
  the dimensions of the image.

