* New partners!
* Review session tonight at 7pm.
* Quiz 12 returned.  
    * If you have questions, go to the review session tonight (or 
      talk to me, or talk to a turo, or email me)
* Today is another discussion-style day.

### Upcoming Work

* Projects due tomorrow night.  Read the instructions!
* Exam 4 assigned, due next Monday.
    * Prologue due Friday night!
* No lab writeup.
* Reading for Tuesday:
  [Sorting](../readings/sorting-reading.html)

### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic 

* Toward an Embodied Libreal Arts, Tonight, 8pm, JRC 101
* PBK Convo, Wednesday.

#### Peer Support (Morning Section)

* KY's radio show, "We Think We're Funny", 9-10pm Mondays (TONIGHT).
* Julia's radio show, "The Hot Box".  Wednesday night/Thursday 
  morning 1:00-2:00 a.m.  
* Baseball, Saturday, Noon and 2:30, Sunday 10:00 and 12:30.

#### Peer Support (Afternoon Section)

* Baseball, Saturday, Noon and 2:30, Sunday 10:00 and 12:30.

#### Miscellaneous

### Other Good Things (no extra credit)

### Notes on the Exam

* Electronic due Monday, printed due Tuesday.
    * Gives me time to try to get you grades sooner.
    * Experience shows most class have work due later in the week.
    * I will discuss extension.
* Starts with a pre-set Racket file to make it easier for you and
  for me.
* Seven problems, as always.
* Four problems are on a new model of trees.

### Notes on the Project

* Yes, separate helpers are a good idea for development.  4Ps suffice,
  as does reasonable shorthand.
* Make sure to review the requirements, including the rubric.
* Scaling is essential.  Stretching (switching aspect ratios) may be 
  needlessly difficult.  
    * If your images don't stretch, DOCUMENT IT!
    * If your images look better at certain aspect ratios, NOTE IT!
