* Sit wherever you would like.
* Welcome back!  I hope you had a great break.
* Today will be crits of your artworks.
* Tuesday will be crits of your code.
* Wednesday will be back to binary search.
* Some of you wanted to know about the final.  I've posted
  [a sample final](../assignments/sample-final.html) to the
  assignments page.  
    * It's one I wrote last year, so it has more overlap with the current
      exam than I expect the real exam to have.
    * We will talk about it more the last day of class.
    * The final is at 9 or 2 on December 15.
    * Yes, I will try to have grades to you before the last day of class
      so that you can decide whether or not to take the final.

### Upcoming Work

* No reading for Tuesday.
* No lab writeup.
* Exam 4 prologue due Friday, Dec. 4.
* Exam 4 due Monday, Dec. 7.  Email it to me as an attachment.
* Exam 4 cover sheet due Tuesday, Dec. 8.
* Exam 4 epilogue due Tuesday, Dec. 8.

### Extra Credit Opportunities

* If possible, send me these in advance.

#### Academic

* Any visit to the current show in the Faulconer gallery.
* CS Table, Tuesday, ???
* Future of the Libraries Talk, December 3, Noon, JRC 101.
* CS Extras, Thursday, ???

#### Peer Support

* December 1 at 4pm in Cultural Education Center, JM live translates!
* Women's Basketball vs. St. Norbert, Dec. 5 at 3:00 p.m.
* One-act Festival Dec. 5 & 6.
* Choir Concert, Dec. 6 at 2pm in Herrick.

#### Regular Peer Support

* Pals of PALS, pals@grinnell.edu, normally Saturday at 7:45 am (breakfast
  included; felines only), and Mondays at 4:45.  Requires sign up in 
  advance.    MORE HELP NEEDED!
* Socrates Cafe', Saturdays, Younker, 2pm. 
* Pun Club, Saturdays, 4pm, Way over Younker. 

#### Upcoming Peer Support

* Women's Basketball vs. Carroll, Dec. 12 at 3:00 p.m.

#### Miscellaneous

* Choosing a Major, December 1 at 11 a.m.
  (Yes, you can come even if you've already chosen a major; you'll just
  serve as a resource for the students who are thinking about choosing
  a major.)

### Other Good Things (No Extra Credit)

* Jingle Bell Holiday December 4.
