* Sit wherever you would like.
* We will continue crits of your artwork and start crits of your code.
* Could those of you who borrowed my "Visual Modeling with Logo" books
  please return them to me.
* Review sessions Wednesday at 8pm, Thursday at 10am, Thursday at 8pm.

### Upcoming Work

* Reading for Wednesday: Review 
  [Searching](../readings/searching-reading.html)
* No lab writeup.
* Quiz Friday: Analysis, Association Lists, Binary Search.
* Exam 4 prologue due Friday, Dec. 4.
* Exam 4 due Monday, Dec. 7.  Email it to me as an attachment.
* Exam 4 cover sheet due Tuesday, Dec. 8.
* Exam 4 epilogue due Tuesday, Dec. 8.

### Extra Credit Opportunities

* If possible, send me these in advance.

#### Academic

* Any visit to the current show in the Faulconer gallery.
* CS Table, TODAY at noon in the White PDR, The Story of Mel.
* Eliza Harrison presents _Early Sonia Delaunay: The Avant-Garde at Home_,
  an Art History MAP under the direction of Professor Anger.
  4:15 pm, Wednesday, December 2nd, Bucksbaum 242 with coffee and fruit.
* Future of the Libraries Talk, December 3, Noon, JRC 101.
* CS Extras, Thursday, Summer Research at UMich.

#### Peer Support

* TODAY at 4pm in Cultural Education Center, JM translation!
* Dance Ensemble, Friday and Saturday at 7:30 p.m.
* Women's Basketball vs. St. Norbert, Dec. 5 at 3:00 p.m.
* One-act Festival Dec. 5 & 6.
* Choir Concert, Dec. 6 at 2pm in Herrick.

#### Regular Peer Support

* Pals of PALS, pals@grinnell.edu, normally Saturday at 7:45 am (breakfast
  included; felines only), and Mondays at 4:45.  Requires sign up in 
  advance.    MORE HELP NEEDED!
* Socrates Cafe', Saturdays, Younker, 2pm. 
* Pun Club, Saturdays, 4pm, Way over Younker. 

#### Upcoming Peer Support

* Women's Basketball vs. Carroll, Dec. 12 at 3:00 p.m.

#### Miscellaneous

* Choosing a Major, TODAY at 11 a.m.
  (Yes, you can come even if you've already chosen a major; you'll just
  serve as a resource for the students who are thinking about choosing
  a major.)

### Other Good Things (No Extra Credit)

* Swim Meet December 4/5.
* Jingle Bell Holiday December 4.  I may not be there (swim meet), 
  I'll try to find a way to treat you to tenderloins / chicken / 
  potatoes.
