* Next week has no new material.  
    * On Monday and Tuesday, we will go over your projects.  
    * On Wednesday, we will review what we've learned (or might have
      learned).  
    * On Thursday, we will use review sessions to go over the sample
      final.
    * On Friday, you will evaluate the course, we will talk about the
      final, and I'll talk about the course.
* Don't forget to grab a yellow card.
* Friday PSA.

### Upcoming Work

* Exam 4 prologue due tonight!
* Exam 4 due in electronic form on Monday night.  
* Exam 4 epilogue due Monday night.
* Extensions are available.
* No more readings!

### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic 

* CS Table today, Last CS Table of the Year: Planning for next year

#### Peer Support (Morning Section)

* KY's radio show, "We Think We're Funny", 9-10pm Mondays 
* Julia's radio show, "The Hot Box".  Wednesday night/Thursday 
  morning 1:00-2:00 a.m.  
* Baseball, Saturday, Noon and 2:30, Sunday 10:00 and 12:30.
* Cheer for Nick R in the triathalon bike section.
* Latin American Music Ensemble Friday in Sebring-Lewis at 7:30pm
* Quincea&ntilde;era at a date and time still to be determined?

#### Peer Support (Afternoon Section)

* Baseball, Saturday, Noon and 2:30, Sunday 10:00 and 12:30.
* Triathalon on Saturday
     * Participate!
     * Cheer!  is acceptable too
* Quincea&ntilde;era at a date and time still to be determined.

#### Miscellaneous

### Other Good Things (no extra credit)

* Symphonic band Saturday at 2pm

### Notes on Exam 4

We'll do an example of binary search on the animals tree.  (We'll use
the animals, rather than the letters.)

We'll do an example of the advanced flattening algorithm on a
generated tree.  Yes, you may take a photo after class.  You should
probably take notes, too.
