* Sit anywhere, but be prepared to work with the person next to you.
* If you can't be in class on Friday (e.g., two teams are traveling), 
  please let me know and please try to fill out the evaluation form today.
    * Please hand write answers to the following two questions at the end
      of the form: 
        * Q7: The one thing that most helped my learning was ...
        * Q8: One thing that would have helped my learning more is ...
    * Please fill out the RISC survey at
      <https://survey.grinnell.edu/se.ashx?s=251137455F0C97CF>
* Review session Thursday at 8pm.  No daytime review sessions.
* I heard enough arguments that the misdeeds of a few should not cause 
  harm to the class as a whole that I will be including grades for exam 
  2 in my computation of your grade in the course.

### Upcoming Work

* Exam 4 and its epilogue (for those of you with extensions)
* Optional final.

### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic 

* Thursday Technology Studies Extra: An Insider's Look at the Music 
  Industry: What I Learned from my Internship on the Digital Team at 
  an Artist Management Firm

#### Peer Support (Morning Section)

* KY's radio show, "We Think We're Funny", 9-10pm Mondays 
* Julia's radio show, "The Hot Box".  Wednesday night/Thursday 
  morning 1:00-2:00 a.m.  

#### Peer Support (Afternoon Section)

#### Miscellaneous

* SGA State of the College talk tonight, 8:30 p.m. in JRC 209.
* Open campus forum on ARH/Carnegie, Monday, 3:00-4:30 p.m. in Harris
  Concert Hall.

### Other Good Things (no extra credit)

* Puppies and Pancakes on Sunday.
* If you have a mother or mother figure, please wish that person a
  happy mother's day on Sunday.
