* Friday PSA (also applies to Block Party and Last Chance Not Harris).
* Sit anywhere, but be prepared to work with the person next to you.
* So that this is available for everyone: I've had some students ask whether
  they could work on the CSC 161 material over the summer so that they could
  take CSC 207 in the fall or spring.
    * We do have an old, robot-free version of CSC 161 that students have
      attempted on their own (with some feedback from a faculty member)
    * About 1/2 the students who attempt the robot-free CSC 161 finish
      at a level that permits them to go on to CSC 207, but it's usually
      only the strongest students who try.
    * This summer, I'm going to try a variation.  Students will do
      the EdX Harvard CS50 Course, which includes not only 161 material
      but also some Web development.  Students will also do the last
      four weeks or so of CSC 161 (I'm working on the details).
    * If you choose to do this soon and are a rising 3rd year or senior,
      you may be able to get 2 credits through the new Guided Learning
      Rubric.
    * I will also be setting up a support group of students who want to
      try this option.
    * Let me know if you are interested.
* Those who turned in exam 2 on Tuesday should be able to pick up a graded 
  exam 2 at the end of class.
* "There's more to life than (grading) cmoputer science."  I had hoped to 
  get you grades tonight.  Enough administrative work got in the way
  that they won't get to you until Saturday night, and that's just for
  the people who got exams in on time.
* No, you do not need to take the final to invoke the good faith grade
  guarantee.

### Course Evaluation

* Please add the following
    * Q7: The one thing that most helped my learning was ...
    * Q8: One thing that would have helped my learning more is ...
* Please fill out the RISC survey at
    <http://bit.ly/GC-RISC>

### Upcoming Work

* Optional final.  Tuesday 9am or 2pm, or Wednesday 9am or 2pm

### Extra Credit Opportunities

#### Academic 

#### Peer Support (Morning Section)

* KY's radio show, "We Think We're Funny", 9-10pm Mondays 
* Julia's radio show, "The Hot Box".  Wednesday night/Thursday 
  morning 1:00-2:00 a.m.  

#### Peer Support (Afternoon Section)

#### Miscellaneous

* Open campus forum on ARH/Carnegie, Monday, 3:00-4:30 p.m. in Harris
  Concert Hall.

### Other Good Things (no extra credit)

* Puppies and Pancakes on Sunday.
